My Fiance just got a dog about 2 years ago that has made me and my kids hate being home. That's coming from people who love dogs; including being multiple dogs foster home over the years. This dog is unattainable. She has been in behavioral training and other basic training for a year and a half and there has been zero change in her behavior at all. She whines CONSTANTLY, nips at your face to get your attention and draws blood damn near every single time, rips food from your hands, bites your ears while you are trying to drive because she is pissed that you wont let her sit in your lap, gets in the garbage and will snarl at you if you reprimand her, etc. The ONLY thing she is actually sticking with on the training is going to the bathroom outdoors. To say I'm done is an understatement.
She is a small dog so this is unnecessary. But she truly hurts people. Nipping and digging constantly. Two weeks ago I completely fucking lost it after MULTIPLE conversations with my fiance about the dog. He insisted on bringing her with us to the store one day because this dog is basically his pride and joy and cannot see any wrong doings that she is actually doing. So he insists on bringing her and while driving she jumped in my lap and gutted me. Complete loss of breath, dug the fuck out of my stomach, etc. Not even 10 minutes later she reaches up and rips my slim jim out of my mouth. I flipped out. Told him he had until the end of the month to find her somewhere else to go because I've had it and she is no longer welcome at my home.
My fiance keeps saying he will just "try harder" on training- despite us bending backwards as it is. Spending over $12k in training alone for it to do absolutely nothing. Wasting 3 days a week to go to training with her because it's important but nope. So anyways, last night my daughter and I finished a project we had been working on for months. We wove a 12x12 blanket together made up of our old shirts and blankets. We hung it up in the garage to dry the glue around the seams. My fiance brought the dog out and ended up hanging out in the garage with his buddy Chris and like 15 minutes later he comes inside apologizing because this animal destroyed at least 4 feet of this blanket we just finished.
At this point I told him I have never in my life hated an animal the way I hate this dog and she has completely destroyed me and my kids quality of life and I'm done. Either he gets rid of the dog or he leaves with her. Those are the ONLY 2 options at this point. He says I'm an AH for allowing a dog to ruin my life and says if I would just calm the fuck down than I would see she isnt that bad. AITA?

My son (23) and his wife just had a baby boy, Everyone is overjoyed and excited but there have some issues that has risen recently.
When my DIL was pregnant, I suggested that I host a welcoming party for my grandson right after she get discharged from the hospital. I've made arrangements and even emptied a room for them to stay but for some reason, she was against it and said she'd rather spend the first few weeks at home with her newborn. not only that but she said no to the welcoming party. My husband and I talked to my son and he said "we'll see".
But just a couple a days ago, We found out that my daughter in law had given birth 2 weeks ago and no one knew about it. My nephew told me and I immediately called my son, he confirmed it. he and his wife lied then hid the date of birth from the family. I told him this was not acceptable, lying just because they didn't want a welcoming party and love and support being given from family. I told him I was disappointed because for one...he ruined our welcoming for our grandbaby and also, I invited family members and they're all rightfully disappointed as well. He said it was his last resort after I kept pushing and made his wife uncomfortable but that was not appreciated because.. we were just trying to celebrate the new family member in a proper manner. We had an argument and he ended the call upon saying I ruined his joy for his newborn. My husband started texting him since he stopped replying to our phonecalls and now is threatening to block my nephew for tattling but I think that my nephew was decent enough to inform the family. otherwise God knows how long my son and his wife were going to hide their son just to keep us at arms length. We've always been kind and welcoming to my daughter in law and ger family, I don't why she would do this and disrespect the family like that.
on the other hand, some family members see it as a justified action because we insisted on the party.
Ps: Some folks, I'd appreciate it if you leave my nephew (m24) out of this conflict because he's not part of it.

I live with 4 roommates and one of them is Muslim and wears a hijab, and that's awesome, I wouldn't even dream of saying it isn't her choice. She doesn't wear it at home of course since we're all girls and one guy, and that guy is her boyfriend and he stays with her in their room. She wears it when she's going out or when men except for her boyfriend come over.
Absolutely none of us have a problem with it. Her boyfriend is a little messy and loud and sometimes sarcastic enough to irritate people, but it's okay it's nothing bad. He eats our food sometimes and although it's frustrating I'm not gonna pick a fight over it. I started dating someone a month ago and he's been coming over often. Almost everyday. We usually stick to my room except for when we're cooking or sitting in the living room. My roomate is wearing a hijab at home since he's coming over and I didn't notice that until she and her boyfriend confronted me about it after my boyfriend left yesterday night.
They said it's very frustrating for my roomate to have to wear a hijab 24x7 when my boyfriend is home and that they want me to restrict him coming over to twice a week. I said that's ridiculous because her annoying ass boyfriend is here every single day and none of us complain. So why should my boyfriend not be allowed over? She said I'm disrespecting her and that it's wrong of me to expect her to wear a hijab 24x7. I told her I'll be bringing my boyfriend over whenever I want and she doesn't have a say in it.
They've been trying to convince me that what I'm doing is horrible and rude and idk what to think. Am I being racist and wrong? It's not my fault she has to cover up, why should she be allowed to have her boyfriend with her but the rest of us have to suffer?
Edit - roomates boyfriend is a permanent guest, he doesn't pay rent he just stays here because otherwise he'd be homeless

I f/33 live in a rental apartment with my unemplyed husband m/30 of 2 years. I work retail jobs (fancy i know) and I obviously barely can afford rent and bills.
Mom passed away 2 months ago, All I inherited from her (dad and his new wife took everything) was a gold bracelet. I keep this bracelet in my closet that no one - and I mean no one comes near except for me and my husband.
Days ago it went missing, It just disappeared out of the blue. I looked for it, I cried, I gave up looking and moved on. The other day I came home and found out that my husband bought a new gaming console. I wasn't expecting that I asked where he got the money and he said he borrowed it from a friend. but as far as I know he only has 2 friends and both of them swore won't lend him a dime since he never pays them back. When I reminded him of that he just gave me a look and asked if I was hinting that he took my bracelet, pawned it, then bought the console. I shrugged and said "well...don't you think it's strange that the bracelet just disappeared into the air? then 2 days later you bought a console?" he got mad and said that I was such a delusional b&$#@ to even hint that he might have stolen the bracelet. He shamed me for it and said I'm just upset he's "managing" his current financial situation and is still able to buy himself nice stuff, unlike me. We kept arguing til he took the console and left the apartment with it. Said he was going to try it at a friend's house and that I'd better prepare an apology for when he gets back.
I didn't but I still think that it's all just so suspicious to be a coincidence. AITA for what I told him though?

My wife (29f) and I (29m) have three kids together (twins 7f,3m)
She is currently 2 months pregnant with her sisters baby as in she’s her surrogate. I begged her not to do it but at the end she told me I had zero say
The reasons why I was so against the idea 1- her health 2-I knew her sister was full of shit with her fake promises 3- my wife isn’t the nicest person pregnant
But when she was pregnant with my kids I sucked up doing all the childcare (paid babysitter while I was at work) and cleaning after working long hours just to be told I’m worthless and couldn’t do anything right. Even the 3am than 5am cravings that had me driving miles or mood swings which had me feeling like crap
That’s why after our youngest I told her I was done having kids even tho she said she wanted more but realistically it would be stupid to have a big family with the state of the world never mind the costs of having 6 kids
So 2 weeks ago after weeks of fighting I found out at a family dinner my wife was pregnant and her sister would finally be a mom. My wife tuned around and said “I guess you are my bitch again” as a joke but with everything I had I stayed claim and said “no they’re you’re bitches,not my kid not my problem”
Since than I’ve not taken the pregnancy excuse or her demands serious, like you want a Big Mac at 4am call your sister
Outside of my share of chores and my kids I’ve done nothing to help my wife
Her whole family was at my home tonight after I came home from work and told me I was trash for mistreating a pregnant woman that as her husband I should step up
I told them no I wouldn’t than turned around with my kids and took them for a meal out because we needed to get away

My sister (26) brought her new boyfriend (30) over to our parents house to meet him for the first time, My wife and I came as well.
We met the dude, he seemed ok-ish at first but he then started asking weird and personal questions. My wife had a breast cancer and got a single mastectomy last year. She told the story to my sister's boyfriend and he was like "oh" then he stared at my wife briefly then "playfully" said "without even asking, I can pretty much tell which one got the blow". We were floored, My wife could barely keep a straight face. she lied so she could leave the table cause she was literally about to tear up. I just looked at the dude and said "Are you serious?" he said "What??!! I was just joking bro" I started asking him to explain the joke to me, He just stared. I asked him again to explain it to me in details but still got no answer. My sister asked me to stop because clearly he got uncomfortable, but I insisted he explain the joke to me cause clearly....my wife and I didn't get it. Things got awkward with him avoiding eye contact while I just stared at him the entire time. I still insisted and asked him to explain the joke right there and then, but seconds later he said he needed to step outside to make a phone call. turns out he got in his car and left. My sister had a meltdown screaming and berating me for how I treated her boyfriend. Calling me hostle with anger issues to scare her boyfriend out of our parents house. I told her he was overstepping and made my wife uncomfortable to the point of crying, She actually called me wife "such a princess" and said she is soft and can not take some teasing. I had an argument with her and my parents intervened, I took my wife and left.
My dad called me later and said that he understood how hurt my wife felt but my sister's boyfriend was visiting for the first time and I showed hostility and agression instead of just ignoring him. He encouraged me to reach out to him and my sister later and talk it out but I declined.
AITA? Edit: My sister and my wife don't have a history but my sister tends to "see" the worst in people. When my wife announced her diagnosis, my sister actually thought she was "faking" because the family no longer brought up my wife's miscarriage months prior, I thought that was out of line and she apologized for it and we moved on. My sister thinks that the only "bad trait" she sees in her boyfriend is his smoking habit, she says thatvotherwise, he's "perfect". smfh.

Please try not to spread this around elsewhere but if you really find it that amusing then I can't stop you Ig. This is embarrassing (also my English isn't that great, sorry about that)

Ok ok, so before you say anything, I know this sounds really weird but shit happends. Basically what happend was that my brother (18) and his friend ate some bad muffins and they started vomiting and uh... Pooping.. alot. His friend went home but when my brother tried to shower some kind of explosion happened For some reason our mom didn't ask him clean it up (she never makes us do anything) but she had a long day and really didn't feel like cleaning. I (15 f) really wanted/needed to shower (girl stuff, iykyk) but when I asked our mom about it she got mad at me for "bossing her around", I kept (nicely) asking if she could please just make him clean it but she kept insisting that it wasn't that bad. I went to look and I'll admit, it wasn't so bad. Just some splatter (I know) on the wall and some dark stains here and there, but the thing is I CAN NOT handle stuff like that. At all. I almost vomited and I was begging my mom to clean it so i could shower, I thought it was a reasonable request to let me not have to shower in literal shit but apparently not. It turned into a fight, she kept yelling at me that she's tired and I'm being a crybaby and bossing her around. I was already in a bad mood and I needed the shower, so I started crying and yelling her to stop and that this was really mean (I'm really sensitive and can't handle being yelled at). She eventually cleaned it up, I don't know why she didn't make my brother do it, considering he was feeling ok. So, am I the ass hole for yelling back at her and not wanting to shower with literal shit?

I (f28) am getting married next week, Invitations are out, wedding planning was complete and everything is going according to plane. However, My sister (f31) just had a miscarriage and mom told me that she told her she decided to not come to the wedding. I was dumfounded, I called my sister to talk about it and she said she is exhausted and doesn't feel like attending, I told her that this is my wedding not some family dinner she and her husband decided to skip. She apologized hoping that "I'd understand" but I said that I don't (?) because I really don't understand what does her miscarriage has to do with being at my wedding - it's not like she gave birth and needed to stay with the baby, She must've had me on speaker because her husband heard and started scolding me about how this is a traumatic experience that my sister just went threw and said that I was insensitive to talk to her like that. I asked him to stay out of it but, he started arguing telling me to respect my sister's wish and respect that they're grieving. I insisted he let me talk to her but he said "we were done talking" I ended up losing my temper with him and he told me "F your wedding" then hung up. My fiance was in the room and heard him say that. He wanted to uninvite him and my sister over this instantly but, I didn't let him. I called mom and she promised to speak to my sister and convince her to come. My dad called me later on and started berating me about "harraasing" my sister and told me to leave her alone, I asked him if my brother in law told him about our fight but he got defensive and told me to get off both my sister's and her husband's back and drop it. I told him how upset and hurt I was that my sister decided to skip my wedding and how little she thought of it, he replied that my sister has a valid reason and I was coming across unfeeling and selfish not to see that and lash out over her missing a party - THIS IS NOT a party, that's my wedding, it matters to me, I was there for hers why can't she do the same and show up for few hours?. Dad said he won't tell me again to leavevmy sister alone and urged me to stop bringing it up and "gang" up with mom to get my sister to go but I wasn't doinh that(?).

Long story short, tension has bern taking over since then. mom thinks that a calm discussion will do but I feel like my feelings are igored and misunderstood especially from my sister.

Me (21f) and my brother (25m) have agreed that my moms engagement(6 women in my family wore it) ring would be mine until he finds a girl he really wants to propose to. I agreed.

Now, he has a girlfriend of 5 years, and told me thst he is planning to propose and would like the ring back. I immediately told no.

And that's because as much hos girl likes jewelry, she also "likes" to lose it.

The amount of jewelry she lost is outstanding.

I remember getting her very pretty earrings that I made myself and she lost it like after two days.

Ofc he got angry, so I told him that if he wants her to have that ring he needs to give her now a random ring, and if she doesn't lose it until he propose(he has a specific day planned) I will it to him.

He was annoyed but agreed. And well guess what... She lost it. Tbh I don't know how she does it....

Well I decided not to give the ring because it's a very important thing for my family and said that if he wants to propose, he can buy another ring, I am not letting her to loose it.

When she find out, she was also furious because apparently she loved the ring. She promised to keep it save because she know how important it is to us

I told her that I will keep it as my wedding ring if I ever get married.

Idk, maybe I'm dumb for not giving her a chance

So my wife’s weight and health has been an issue to me for the past few years. She has always been on the thick side and now that we’re getting older I think it’s important she look after her health a little more. Right now she’s 5’2 and 150 pounds. We’re not college students with a lightning metabolism anymore and it’s good for us to exercise and keep a healthy diet. I work out regularly and maintain a healthy controlled diet and I’m in pretty good shape. I’d love for my wife do so with me, and she’s attempted but quits a week in.

This goes farther than health, it’s just a fun bonding thing that I’d love for her to do with me, but she refuses. I at one point got another woman to come workout with me, but she got pissed at me for “going out with thin women”, so I’ve just been doing it by myself and trying to encourage her to come with me.

So recently my wife had a small medical scare, but everything’s fine. The doctors worried it may have had something to do with her cardiovascular health, so we took her to a cardiologist to get looked at. During the appointment, the doctor asked about her diet and exercise habits. She said she tries different diets on and off and exercises but not regularly on a regular schedule.

So this was a complete lie. The last time she exercised was when I convinced her onto take a nature walk with me in November. I could tell from her tone she was trying to pass it off like “I work out but it’s not regimented”, so I said something.

I said, “that’s not true, the last time she had any exercise was before thanksgiving”. She glared at me and the doctor changed circled back to this point and asked a line of questions revolving this.

When we got in the car she told me I embarrassed her and made her feel fat and gross. I told her that wasn’t my intention, but that I was just trying to make sure the doctor knew what she was talking about. She accused me disliking her body. I told her that I just want her to be around for a long time as I love her and care about her so much.

I (26F) and my husband (26M) have been together for 8 years and married for 1. We have 2 kids together and just bought a house. My MIL came by to visit the other day when my husband was at work and my youngest child(4) was having a full blown melt down. My youngest son has mild Autism and Severe ADHD and my MIL knows this.
Well my older child(8) let's her in and I am dealing with the toddler in a separate room to calm him down. My MIL comes to me and sits down and starts talking. Well I get my toddler to calm down and she looks at me and goes "It's good thing you came to your senses and decided not have anymore of those".
Now this instantly angered me because I had a lot of complications with my second pregnancy, and I was put under a lot of stress during this pregnancy by my husbands family. Because they didn't want me to be pregnant. I had my older son at 17 and he was not biologically my husbands. However my husband has been around and raised him since he was born because his bio dad disappeared.
My youngest son was supposed to be a twin but I lost one early in the pregnancy. And during my whole pregnancy my in-laws kept pressuring me to get my tubes tied because they didn't think I should have anymore kids. Not for the medical reasons I chose to have it done. My in-laws have never liked me or approved of me because they don't like the family I come from. I calmly tell my toddler to go play with brother because I need to talk to his grandma.
After he leaves I look at her and tell her she needs to leave. She gets mad and tells me I have no right to tell her to leave because it's her son's house not mine and I am a stay at home mom with no income or credit so only my husband's name is on the loan of the of the house. I am really pissed now and say"You are being a vindictive witch and it's funny that you tell me about how I don't need more children when you only closed up your baby factory after you had 5 kids because you cared more about having a daughter than being a good mother"
Well she left and then later told my husband a bunch of lies and he came home and asked me about it, I told him what happened and he believes me because he knows how his mother is. But now she is saying I am horrible and she refuses to come back till I apologize. I said then she just won't come back. But now my husband's whole family is mad at both of us for him taking my side. So AITA?
Edit: This is kind of important, my MIL blames me for my youngest son having Autism and ADHD(even though my husband has ADHD) and told my husband that if he chose to breed with good stock and picked someone she approved of his son wouldn't be messed up.
Also I've seen several comments about my son answering the door, he only did so after I gave him permission when he told me it was her at the door. Since we just moved I thought she dropping off the stuff they told me a couple weeks ago they found at their house that belongs to my husband but no she came over to insult me it seems.

My eldest son (Jacob) is 23 and my youngest is 10 (Mateo). I got a bill from the doctor for an examination for Mateo. Neither me nor his mom took him. We couldn't figure it out but it was on the day that Jacob was watching him. Jacob said the doctor's office had it backwards - he was at the doctor's not Mateo and it was personal.
He said he'd straighten it out. Apparently he paid the $15 co-pays which we didn't want him to do for HSA reasons. I called up the doctor's office and they confirmed it was for Mateo NOT Jacob.
I asked to speak to the doctor because none of this made sense. The doctor said that I made an appointment for Mateo because Mateo was having an issue "down there." He was examined and given a steroid cream rx. He said Jacob was there.
I confronted Jacob and he said Mateo was way too embarrassed to tell me and definitely not his mom about his issue. Jacob had a similar issue and needed the same treatment so he concocted this plan pretending to me to schedule an appointment with the family doctor.
I was LIVID. I told him that I was thisclose to throwing him out for doing what he did. He should have told me. I would have gone along but he didn't ask. I'm upset that Mateo didn't tell me.
Jacob said I was overreacting and their mom just rolled her eyes.

We moved into this neighborhood about midway into last year. The environment is very "tight knit" and everyone knows everyone and honestly I don't really mind. It's nice to have easy relationships with the people around you and it's even better to have everyone willing to watch out for you.
(My daughter and this girl are both 7)
My daughter made friends with the little girl 4 houses down in the summer and I've had her over a few times. My issue is that almost every time she came over items went missing. Snacks, toys, clothes and sometimes money.
I never wanted to accuse the little girl of stealing but our cat had kittens and she came over to meet them and play. She asked if she could have one and I told her she'd have to ask her mom. She pouted a bit but it wasn't anything too crazy.
It comes time for her to go home and I go to feed the kittens as she's leaving and I notice one missing. I ask that everyone drop what they're doing and help look for the kitten and for some reason she's really eager to leave. My suspicions get the better of me and I ask to check her backpack. She starts crying and saying she's sorry and I open it to see our kitten in her backpack under her stuffed animals. Thankfully he was fine but I asked her not to come back and that I'd be discussing this with her mother. Her mom didn't respond to any texts at the time and there was nothing much I could do.
I was a bit frustrated and vented to my next door neighbor and admittedly called her a "little klepto" said she had the same problem with her but thought she was being mean for even suggesting it was her. Since then the other parents have decided not to allow this girl into their homes or near their kids. The girls mom came knocking on the door telling me that "I hope you're happy. My daughter is the neighborhood pariah because of you. She had a hard time communicating if she wants something and I always planned to make her return those items" to be fair she had everything she stole with her and did hand them over. She said her daughter has no friends and is being outcast over "silly kid shit". She left after telling me I was "such a bitch" for gossiping about a kid

My cousin, Tom (27m) recently got his "girlfriend", Amy (26f) pregnant. I put girlfriend in quotes, because they weren't technical boyfriend and girlfriend yet, but they have been going out for over half a year. Now they plan to be serious for the baby and move in together.
A few of us got together, Tom, his brother, his brother's girlfriend, my husband and I. Tom started talking about how Amy has baby trapped him as women always do with men. He said that Amy has brought up wanting to be exclusive with him before, but he said no so that must be the reason why she got pregnant.
Now Tom is 27, unemployed, has been trying to get his degree for 6 years now (no degree in sight yet), has no idea what he wants to do with his life and lives with his parents. Amy has a master's degree, a nice career, her own apartment and honestly seems to be a great woman overall. I've only met her a few times, but she is fun and lovely.
When Tom said what he said, I just laughed a bit and told him that with him being unemployed, broke and living at home, he wasn't worth baby trapping. IF anyone had baby trapped anyone here, it was him, because he could've never gotten such an amazing woman to stick with him long-term otherwise.
Now he is really upset with me and it looks like he wants to cut me out of his life completely. My husband thinks I was right saying what I said, but my other cousin and his girlfriend say that even though Tom is acting really stupid, I shouldn't have insulted him so much as he is already insecure about his situation.

So for context, I'm a single, work from home mom so I spent a majority of the afternoon on the PC as a medical transcriptionist so I can't keep a really close eye on my son when I'm working. My sister - his aunt- doesn't do anything during the day so I usually rely on her to keep an eye on him. She believes that unless she's being paid to babysit, she doesn't really take it seriously. On top of that, I'm pretty much lucky if she wakes up before 2 pm so it's not exactly a great system in terms of supervision. Normally I don't mind, but given his overabundance of energy and curiosity, he gets into everything. Sometimes I manage to catch him before he can make a mess, but other times he's pretty crafty and manages to get into things he shouldn't (dirty laundry basket, bathroom closet, cabinets in the office, and most recently unattended purses).

Yesterday, my son had gotten into his aunt's purse and took everything out before I could notice. Money, cards, Altoids, bandaids, makeup. All over the floor. Needless to say, she was pretty upset and got onto him for getting into things he shouldn't. So far, things are okay. But then she gets onto me for not keeping an eye on him and for letting him go through her stuff, but I kinda chalk it up to the fact that she just woke up. Obviously, I am partly responsible but if I'm working and she's perfectly capable of watching him or at the very least capable of putting her purse away in her room and not leaving it out on the living room floor, I feel she should also be somewhat responsible. I retort back that she shouldn't be keeping valuables on the floor like that and explain that I can't keep an eye on him 24/7. We get into a small argument and I tell her that if she can't put her stuff away, I can't be bothered to stop him.

So fast forward to this morning, her purse is once again on the living room floor by the couch. And this time I do catch him in the act of taking everything out, but remembering yesterday's spat, I just let him. $30 worth of eyeliner and mascara all over his clothes and face and on the floor, coins thrown about, and a few Target and fast food receipts are being torn to shreds. Sure, I could've stepped in and stopped him but I figure it's on her this time for not making the effort to put her purse up in her room after yesterday. Not to mention he managed to use up all the bandaids this time, leaving only the wrappers. He is my son, so he's my responsibility. But I don't feel like I'm responsible for her belongings if she won't put them up or keep an eye out to make sure he's not getting into them. AITA for letting him dig through her belongings?

So for context, I'm a single, work from home mom so I spent a majority of the afternoon on the PC as a medical transcriptionist so I can't keep a really close eye on my son when I'm working. My sister - his aunt- doesn't do anything during the day so I usually rely on her to keep an eye on him. She believes that unless she's being paid to babysit, she doesn't really take it seriously. On top of that, I'm pretty much lucky if she wakes up before 2 pm so it's not exactly a great system in terms of supervision. Normally I don't mind, but given his overabundance of energy and curiosity, he gets into everything. Sometimes I manage to catch him before he can make a mess, but other times he's pretty crafty and manages to get into things he shouldn't (dirty laundry basket, bathroom closet, cabinets in the office, and most recently unattended purses).

Yesterday, my son had gotten into his aunt's purse and took everything out before I could notice. Money, cards, Altoids, bandaids, makeup. All over the floor. Needless to say, she was pretty upset and got onto him for getting into things he shouldn't. So far, things are okay. But then she gets onto me for not keeping an eye on him and for letting him go through her stuff, but I kinda chalk it up to the fact that she just woke up. Obviously, I am partly responsible but if I'm working and she's perfectly capable of watching him or at the very least capable of putting her purse away in her room and not leaving it out on the living room floor, I feel she should also be somewhat responsible. I retort back that she shouldn't be keeping valuables on the floor like that and explain that I can't keep an eye on him 24/7. We get into a small argument and I tell her that if she can't put her stuff away, I can't be bothered to stop him.

So fast forward to this morning, her purse is once again on the living room floor by the couch. And this time I do catch him in the act of taking everything out, but remembering yesterday's spat, I just let him. $30 worth of eyeliner and mascara all over his clothes and face and on the floor, coins thrown about, and a few Target and fast food receipts are being torn to shreds. Sure, I could've stepped in and stopped him but I figure it's on her this time for not making the effort to put her purse up in her room after yesterday. Not to mention he managed to use up all the bandaids this time, leaving only the wrappers. He is my son, so he's my responsibility. But I don't feel like I'm responsible for her belongings if she won't put them up or keep an eye out to make sure he's not getting into them. AITA for letting him dig through her belongings?

Okay, yes I know the title sounds really harsh, but hear me out. I (22F) and my fiancè (22M) have a five month old son. My brother is 15M.

About a week ago, I was in the kitchen making my fiancè a cup of coffee when he mentioned my navy blue satin silk robe. He asked where I got it. I told him I got it from a mother's group. He said and I quote "Wow, it so pretty, I should get my girlfriend pregnant so she can have one too, it's not like having a kid is hard"

I just kind of looked at home for a minute, and called my fiancè into the kitchen and had my brother repeat himself. I decided in that moment and told him; " you want to know what it's like to have kids, your babysitting this weekend since we have plans. Thursday through Friday Morning."

It's not so I can push off my parental responsibility, it's so he's understands that being a parent isn't easy. Today is his first day and he has our mother's help. I've written out the babys entire schedule, he has all his toys, all the necessities like diapers, wipes, creams ect. We will still be at home for emergencies, the baby just won't be in our room.

But since the week has passed his anxiety has gone up because "he doesn't know what to do" and "can't handle a child." I told him he should have thought about that before he said it. I also reminded him that he isn't going to b alone. Joke or not, he's at that age where experimenting is going to be a thing, and pregnancy can be a possibility. Parenting isn't easy, so I'm giving him a sneak peek.

AITA for making him do this even though he says he isn't ready and is having anxiety?

Hi, my gf (f/22) and I (nb/20) had a pretty big fight about this and I need to know if I'm in the wrong here.

My gf is struggling with getting up on time, which I feel like has only gotten worse since we moved into our own apartment together 2 months ago. We both currently work together where we have to be between 7.15am and 7.30. My first alarm rings at 5.45 and again at 6.00am to give me time to properly wake up and start the day. Usually I wake her a first time, go to the bathroom and get ready 'til 6.15 or 6.20 at which point I wake her up again so she'll get ready.
The thing is, she recently stopped getting up on time completely, sometimes she only gets up at 6.50 when we have to leave at 7.05 at the latest. She is diagnosed with depression and takes medication for it, however she hasn't been able to take it on time for the last week or so as she can't take it without eating something first (Drs order).
I talked to her about this is but she says it's because of her medication and she'll try to do better.
2 days ago I got up as usual, but she didn't wake up at all when I tried to get her up at 6.25. I guess something in me snapped, cause I simply set my phone down on the nightstand and set 8 or 9 alarms, 2 minutes apart from each other and started eating my breakfast. She came to the kitchen at 6.35 and called me an asshole for doing this as I know how much she hates my ringtone and she wants me to wake her up in person. I tried to explain to her that I didn't want to spend 20 minutes trying to wake her when I needed to prepare my lunch and eat breakfast but the atmosphere around here is really frosty now and she's been somewhat shorter with her answers to me when we talk in general.

Now I'm wondering if I'm in the wrong here because I do know she doesn't like my alarm, but she also doesn't get up with hers cause it's 'too calm'. Aita?

Hi, my gf (f/22) and I (nb/20) had a pretty big fight about this and I need to know if I'm in the wrong here.

My gf is struggling with getting up on time, which I feel like has only gotten worse since we moved into our own apartment together 2 months ago. We both currently work together where we have to be between 7.15am and 7.30. My first alarm rings at 5.45 and again at 6.00am to give me time to properly wake up and start the day. Usually I wake her a first time, go to the bathroom and get ready 'til 6.15 or 6.20 at which point I wake her up again so she'll get ready.
The thing is, she recently stopped getting up on time completely, sometimes she only gets up at 6.50 when we have to leave at 7.05 at the latest. She is diagnosed with depression and takes medication for it, however she hasn't been able to take it on time for the last week or so as she can't take it without eating something first (Drs order).
I talked to her about this is but she says it's because of her medication and she'll try to do better.
2 days ago I got up as usual, but she didn't wake up at all when I tried to get her up at 6.25. I guess something in me snapped, cause I simply set my phone down on the nightstand and set 8 or 9 alarms, 2 minutes apart from each other and started eating my breakfast. She came to the kitchen at 6.35 and called me an asshole for doing this as I know how much she hates my ringtone and she wants me to wake her up in person. I tried to explain to her that I didn't want to spend 20 minutes trying to wake her when I needed to prepare my lunch and eat breakfast but the atmosphere around here is really frosty now and she's been somewhat shorter with her answers to me when we talk in general.

Now I'm wondering if I'm in the wrong here because I do know she doesn't like my alarm, but she also doesn't get up with hers cause it's 'too calm'. Aita?

Hi, my gf (f/22) and I (nb/20) had a pretty big fight about this and I need to know if I'm in the wrong here.
My gf is struggling with getting up on time, which I feel like has only gotten worse since we moved into our own apartment together 2 months ago. We both currently work together where we have to be between 7.15am and 7.30. My first alarm rings at 5.45 and again at 6.00am to give me time to properly wake up and start the day. Usually I wake her a first time, go to the bathroom and get ready 'til 6.15 or 6.20 at which point I wake her up again so she'll get ready.
The thing is, she recently stopped getting up on time completely, sometimes she only gets up at 6.50 when we have to leave at 7.05 at the latest. She is diagnosed with depression and takes medication for it, however she hasn't been able to take it on time for the last week or so as she can't take it without eating something first (Drs order).
I talked to her about this is but she says it's because of her medication and she'll try to do better.
2 days ago I got up as usual, but she didn't wake up at all when I tried to get her up at 6.25. I guess something in me snapped, cause I simply set my phone down on the nightstand and set 8 or 9 alarms, 2 minutes apart from each other and started eating my breakfast. She came to the kitchen at 6.35 and called me an asshole for doing this as I know how much she hates my ringtone and she wants me to wake her up in person. I tried to explain to her that I didn't want to spend 20 minutes trying to wake her when I needed to prepare my lunch and eat breakfast but the atmosphere around here is really frosty now and she's been somewhat shorter with her answers to me when we talk in general.
Now I'm wondering if I'm in the wrong here because I do know she doesn't like my alarm, but she also doesn't get up with hers cause it's 'too calm'. Aita?

We recently went on a vacation with my husband's family. MIL and I have some issues and I'd describe the relationship as hot and cold, but we are close with all of my husband's step siblings. During the trip, the women went shopping and MIL wanted a pair of Nikes, but they didn't have her size. I looked at them, realized I liked them, and got them which annoyed her. She claimed I did it on purpose and that I hadn't even looked at them before.

The next day I wore them to the park and MIL "accidently" got chic fil a sauce on them. I was pissed and I know she did it on purpose. MIL is saying it was an accident and I just hate her. Her stepkids tried to point out that she likely did it on purpose and she went crying to her husband and accused us of bullying her.

Now I am refusing to see the family until she replaces the shoes. MIL claims her husband won't "allow" her to give me the money, which makes absolutely no sense. MIL gets a generous monthly allowance and I've never heard of him not allowing her before. He couldn't even keep a straight face when she said it. My husband is willing to support my boundary but it is hard for him Currently we will be missing out on an engagement party for his step sister and a couple family outings.

AITA for not cutting my hair after my friend said it triggers them ?
I’m trans ftm (female to male) and I just started being comfortable with longish hair. Over summer I shaved my head, and decided to grow it out. After 6 months, it finally got to the point that I really love it. It is a little shorter then shoulder length and dyed red at the roots and fades to yellow at the ends. Today my friend told me it reminded them of someone who bullied them as a kid. They want me to change it but I’ve been waiting to be this happy with my hair for months. Am I the asshole for not cutting my hair ?

1st born gay son, reasonably successful professional who moved away from small town to a hyper-liberal west coast city. I know own a home with my BF of 10 years.
My parents health has taken a turn for the worse and the family is starting to make less and less subtle hints that they expect me to return to home. I am on very good relations with my mom and dad- I visit them every year and support them financially. They've always dropped hints about me moving back but now the situation has gotten more dire.
The problem is: I hate my hometown. It's tiny little place in the middle of nowhere. I have lots of bad memories of growing up in that place, (did I mention I'm a gay man?) and even when I visit, it's just like I remember. Nobody wears a mask, the most important talking subject is always college football and, of course, absolutely zero goods jobs. Worst of all, your literally surrounded and out-numbered by Republicans/Conservatives/Christians. I hate hate hate it.
So I told my parents that they can move to my city whenever they wish, but when the time comes and I am given Power of Attorney, I plan on selling their home and moving them across the country to live in my ADU. There is absolutely zero chance I'm moving back home- if anyone moves, it will be my parents who get moved.
Now, EVERYONE in my extended

 I now realize that I was in the wrong, and plan to apologize to her when I see her again. I will leave this post up in case anybody in the future is wondering if it's wrong to laugh at people who use sign language.
Yesterday, my (18M) professor showed a video of a government speech with this sign language interpreter who was making these exaggerated facial expressions. It was like looking at some kind of cartoon, and I giggled a bit.
After class, this hard of hearing older student pulled me aside, asking me if I thought her "native language" was funny. I told her it was just the faces the guy was making, and she said, "That's how we convey tone. You really think we sit around making faces just to make you hearing people laugh at us?" I told her to be a little nicer about it and maybe I'd take her points into consideration. She said she was being nice by not disrupting the class to shame me like my generation does, and to just take this as a lesson learned. I told her she was acting like a child, and she walked away, accusing me of insulting her and laughing at disabled people.
AITA? This lady is like 50 and yelling at a teenager for a tiny mistake. For what it's worth, I have slightly muffled hearing in my left ear, and she has hearing aids, so it's not like she's actually deaf.

My wife and I have been married for 2 years but we've been together for 10. We started dating at 18. 10 years later we still adore each other and make effort for each other. We always dress up before we go out on a date, we generally love having dates, we always gift each other stuff on special days, we love cuddling, kissing etc.
Since our first years together my family used to mock us for being lovey dovey the whole time and they claimed that after 10 years we'll grow tired of each other and we might even hate each other. No matter how many years passed those comments kept coming. 4 years in they judged us for still not being tired of each other. 6 years in 7 years in even when we were planning our marriage. Even to this day they still claim we will eventually grow tired of each other.
My parents can't stand each other. My brother and his wife are the kind of couple who dread spending time together and whenever they see us making effort for each other they claim we are wasting our time. After growing tired of their comments all these years I've now started judging them on their relationships too. Whenever they make a comment about me I reply something along the lines of "look at me I'm so quirky and different for hating my spouse and being stuck in a loveless marriage". They started taking offense to it after I'd said that a couple of times and called me immature. AITA?

I (18F) currently stay with my parents for a few reasons. 1) the pandemic so it's hard to move out. 2) I'm still finishing school and retaking a few exams after 2 years off due to my mental health 3) I only just turned 18 a few months ago.

My relationship with my cousin (25M) is strained but it had gotten better until a few days ago when he took my dinner out of my hands (it was a sandwich) and ate it even though he had already eaten his. (he was stressed and asked for a small piece and I wanted to help so I broke off a small piece but for some reason he took the rest of the sandwich and left me with the small piece...) but this isn't the main issue.

I'm currently staying with my aunt, uncle, grandmother and cousin while my parents just finish up some legal and bank work following my grandfather's passing.

I have noticed over the nights, that he walks into my room (the door is closed) and walks up to my bed and just stares at me for a while before leaving.... (I feel like Bella Swan. And unlike her, I do not enjoy being watched while I am sleeping)

I get this this is his house and all but its also really unnerving? I can't lock the door because my grandmother might need something from the room. If he ever does come to stay with my parents and I, there is no lock on any of our doors except for the bathrooms so I can't lock him out that way.

He's also 6'1 I believe and is much larger than me and can definitely overpower me.

Married for two years, have been together for three. We have an almost 1y/o son together. We bought the dog together but it was entirely my ex's responsibility if that makes sense. He does all the work, we jointly paid for her.
Four months ago my ex disappeared for 45 days without any warning. He travels for work (he's a journalist) so it's not uncommon to see him leave for a week or so here or there, but never for this long and never without notice. He was unreachable the entire time.
He returned home as if little had happened. He, without notifying me, left the country and flew to Italy for work. He claims his cellphone was stolen en route to the aeroport. He worked for three days and decided to just stay there and bicycle across the entirety of Italy: he took a vacation basically. I thought he was a missing person or worse, dead.
We've separated and will be getting divorced. He's not welcome back home. While he was gone, on week 2, I gave his dog away to a stranger. I did all the background checks and all that, but it did go to a stranger. I don't like dogs, don't have time to care for any pets, and it wasn't my responsibility, so I gave her away to people who could better take care of her.

People have asked for updates so I shall offer for anyone who cares to know.
We had a family meeting at my parents' home about 2 weeks after the original thing went down. My sister called it, and she evidently had a bone to pick. She yelled at my mum for reasons she yelled at me for: favouritism, preferential treatment, called her a bad parent etc. This made my mum cry and my dad apoplectic. She got a massive dressing down from my dad, something she was wholly unaccustomed to since he's never really told her off (youngest child). Got to a point where we had a crying sister, crying mother and dad on a war path so my other siblings and I had to play mediation. I asked her what the root cause of it was: some of you called it. She was realising how much she's lost out on by marrying a man who doesn't appreciate her culture. She was worried about the implications of the absence of cultural rituals for her children and herself. Apparently she's experiencing cold shoulders from soke people because of the choices she's made: she's very much the social butterfly so it's a difficult pull to swallow.
She went home to ask her partner to reconsider marrying her traditionally. She told him her concerns and how it made her feel and he dismissed it as "voodoo nonsense", saying he thought she was more reasonable than that she's moved back home with my parents while she decided what's next for her relationship.
Before you go on about how disappointed you are that she wants to be married according to our culture and how women are allegedly taking part in their own oppression by doing so, I don't care. Save yourself the trouble of pouring the colonial feminist narrative that we need to be rescued from our cultures. We're good.
Thanks to those who pointed out the blind spot highlighted above. I am working on supporting her and my nephew through this process.
My(18F) family had guests(distant relatives) over today for dinner. As usual, my mom had to make all the dishes, without my father helping in anything.
My father sat down with the guests to eat, but as soon as he ate a bite or two, he said that he didn't like the dish and it wasn't good. He just said it in front of the guests, not even bothering to wait until they left. The guests said that they all liked the food though. However, it didn't just end there. He tried another dish and said that was not good either and there was something missing. He also said stuff like-"what did you do today?" I also had the same food, and everything was delicious.
Skip over to after the guests left and my father told my mom again that she'd done something wrong with the food and it wasn't as good as it usually would be. My mom was visibly upset and at this point I was angry as well. He was the only one who had an issue, so I told him that if he had such a problem with the food, he should just make it next time. He got very pissed and said that I was being disrespectful for talking to him that way and he was just stating his opinion. My brother also agreed with him saying this was no way to talk to my father.
The thing is, this isn't the first time he's done this and I'm sick of him complaining that the food isn't good in front of guests. He never helps, and the food is great 99% of the time and no one else has a problem with it. So AITA?
During dinner, my wife (36F) was complaining for the umpteenth time, "Being a mom is so hard." Our son (2.5) is sitting at the dinner table with us and I told her that these types of sentiments are best expressed outside of his presence. She defended herself, saying she was simply stating something that is an objective truth, our son doesn't understand her anyway (he doesn't speak well but he does understand basic things) and that's it's ok for her to express her feelings and that keeping emotions bottled up is not healthy. Then she drew an analogy, asking if it would be wrong for a student to complain that school is hard.
Let me preface this by saying I am the manager of a small team who works in web design. I try to be the fairest I can but I'm an older white guy so sometimes I just don't get it. I do my best to educate myself when I get things wrong.
One of my employees, let's call her Carla, has been here for ages. She's been on the team longer than even I have. I often look to her for guidance on some of our legacy stuff.
Another one is Kim, a fairly young hire, who started with us last year. Kim has recently had a major health scare, which led to her undergoing chemo and, very recently, a double mastectomy. She's kept me up to date on everything, and I've been doing my best to be supportive and give her all the time she needs to heal.
Kim is still healing from her surgery, but said she wanted to get some normalcy back in her life, so returned to the office this week. Usually she wears baggy sweaters now, because she says she's cold all the time now, and her scars are still fresh and healing, so fabric touching them would hurt.
It seemed like her return was going well, until I walked by Kim's desk, where Carla was standing, talking to her with her voice raised. Kim looked really upset, so I went over to see what was wrong.
Apparently, Carla and Kim were in a boardroom setting up for a conference when Kim bent over to pick up a wire or something, and the neck of her sweater opened and Carla could see in. She was telling Kim that "no one wants to see that" and "just because she doesn't have them anymore doesn't mean she doesn't need to be modest". Kim was on the verge of tears, so I sent her home so she could get herself together.
I told Carla what she said was inappropriate and that I didn't want to hear about her bullying Kim again. Carla got very angry and said "it's nice to know who your favourite still is" and told me that because I'm a man I shouldn't be commenting on issues between women like modesty.
I didn't think I was an asshole here, but I now have a meeting with HR about gender sensitivity and favouritism. So reddit, can you help a guy out?
English is not my first language. I apologize in advance for any grammatical or spelling errors.
I (31M) own a condo unit. Currently, no one lives there since me, my wife (33F), and our baby (0M) transferred to a new house that my wife got on a mortgaged. Also, my SIL (16) lives with us as well.
My wife used to live with her brother (25) and their sister in an apartment. When they were living together, my BIL only pays a 1/3 of the rent. He doesn't even share the expenses on utilities. He does buy food, but mostly it's for himself. In short, my wife shoulders most of the household expenses on top of cleaning their apartment. And, she also pays for her sister's education. To add, my wife also paid for my BILs college education.
When my wife and her sister moved out of the apartment, my BIL decided to live with their mom. And yes, free rent.
Now to the dilemma. You should know that my condo is in a touristy area. My wife and I thought that once this pandemic is over, and tourists starts pouring in, renting out my condo can surely help our finances. When my BIL learned that my condo is vacant, he asked my wife if he can live there without paying rent and confidently assured her that he'll pay the condo dues and the utilities.
I immediately laughed when my wife told me this. I told her that he should pay rent. And my wife agrees. We even decided to give him a discounted rate because, after all, he's family (only $180/month + fees and utilities, and near the beach/resorts). But he's not all too enthused. Saying that we're family and we should help each other out during these trying times. Now, my MIL is bugging us about this. I won't budge but I'm afraid that my wife will.
WIBTA for calling the police on my boyfriend after he let his brother and his family live in my holiday home without my permission?
(On mobile sorry for bad formatting)

For context, I (28F) inherited a holiday home from my grandma some time ago. I never really use it as it's roughly a 5 hour drive out from London, where I live. It's relevant to the story that:

-The keys to the holiday home are on a rack, with literally every other key to anything my boyfriend or I own. -The holiday house has a security system hooked up to my phone (when it detects someone on the property cameras turn on and I can see them)

My boyfriend's brother (33M) recently had his 4th child. Him and his wife currently live in a 2 bedroom apartment.

So three days ago, they were both over at mine and my boyfriends house with all their kids, we was talking about anything and everything, I was holding the baby. My boyfriend's brother eventually mentioned how I have my holiday home and how it has more than enough space for him and his wife to raise their 4 kids. My exact response was: "Yeah but I'm not gonna let you live there so.." He went quiet after that and his wife started to collect their kids and their things, they left about 10 minutes after. My boyfriend hasn't said anything to me about the conversation, yet I'm feeling bad about my response because I know they really do need the space.
So fast forward to yesterday. I wake up for work and realise my boyfriend isn't in bed with me, nothing out of the ordinary. He works from 8:30 am . When I'm finally about to walk out the door, I go to grab my keys and notice my holiday home's keys are gone. I look around for them, can't find them, so I call my boyfriend. First time he doesn't answer, second time he doesn't answer, third time he does. The conversation went: "Hey have you seen my other house's keys?" "Yes I have them," "Cool, why've you got them though?" "Grabbed them by accident. I'll return them when I'm back from work"
I thought everything would be fine so I continued with my day and went on to work. Midway through my work day, I get a notification from the house's security system. I open it and find my boyfriend, his brother and his family all outside the door with a moving van in the back. I was fuming.
When I got home, my boyfriend was already there, acting as if everything was normal. I started screaming at him asking why the hell he'd move a family into MY house without my permission. He tried to justify it and say he "had to help his family", it honestly just made me more angry. I told him that we were over he has 1 day to get his brother and his family out my house or I would call the police on them all for trespass.
That all happened at around 6 yesterday (14 hours ago). He hasn't called me or anything, but I fully intend to go through with my threat. But I know they're struggling right now.
So, WIBTA for calling the police?
Thanks for all the advice! By searching through the UK's Government website I've managed to figure out what I can legally do. I've also called the police on them already. I haven't recieved any updates on that yet but I'll share them when I can.
I called the police a small while ago. About 30 minutes ago they came and returned my keys and let me know that the family had been told to leave by them. At first they refused, but eventually they packed their things up and went. My EX boyfriend, his brother and his brother's wife have been blowing up my phone asking why the hell I'd put them and their children through this, I've blocked them all. I feel absolutely terrible about what I did and I know there was probably better ways to handle the situation, I even considered letting them stay after all, but I'm not sure if they would pay rent or anything. For the future, I plan to rent the home out, as many of you suggested. But I'm not sure how ex-boyfriend's family would take that.
I'm an 18 year old girl who is in college atm. I've been getting bullied/harassed by three guys in my class who have taken to messaging me online with rather gross/harassing messages and nsfw pictures that i'm sure you can all fill in the gaps without me going into detail. I should have reported them or just blocked them but I had, had enough so I screenshot every message they'd sent me and found their mothers through their facebook pages and sent screenshots to them including an explanation of who I am and how their sons have been bothering me.

Their mothers were horrified and shocked by what I sent them explaining what was going on and all three are on my side. Some of my friends think this is genius and exactly what they deserved but some of my other friends think I took it too far and it was out of line to put that on their Mothers and also how I don't know what their home life is like.

Am I the asshole for doing this? Should I have gone about it another way?

due to questions/comments: When it was just standard bullying I reported them but they only got a warning, the messages/pictures started after that as if to prove I couldn't do anything. I figured reporting them again wouldn't work so did this.

also whoever reported me as worried about my current mental health...thanks? I mean i'm honestly good but thanks.
Background info- I (F17) am what most people would call unattractive... I have inherited the worst physical traits from both parents. My first cousin (F23), on the other hand, won as far as the genetic lottery goes and is good-looking enough to be a model.

I was my sister's maid of honour, and I was supposed to stand beside her for all the wedding pictures. Our cousin, who was a bridesmaid, was not going to be present for all the pictures. When the photographer announced that he was starting to take the group pictures, my aunt (cousin's mum) pulled me aside to "kindly" tell me that it would look better if my cousin stood beside the bride as she would "enhance" the scene. I refused as I was the MOH and the bride's sister. My aunt became angry and told me I was creating a scene, my sister looked uncomfortable but didn't say anything. My mum told me to adjust as it was just a matter of some pictures while my dad said that I shouldn't have to change my place.

I stood my ground and refused to move for the pictures which left my aunt and cousin disgruntled. My mum was furious as she said that I had ruined the pictures because everyone was feeling uncomfortable at the end. My mum and dad are arguing at the moment. AITA?

Hi! I have two daughters. Dani (17) and Mia (10). Mia has Celiacs disease and obviously can’t eat gluten, so we’re very careful about cross contamination and things like that. Recently Dani has decided to be a vegetarian, which is awesome for her, and I’m so happy that she’s making these choices for herself.

I have told Dani that I am happy to buy all the food she wants, but I think she should be responsible for cooking her own meals now. Dani isn’t willing to do this, and Mia, my husband and I aren’t willing to be completely vegetarian. I offered to not put meat in her portions if whatever I cook, but she has found a vegetarian cookbook that she likes and wants me to make meals just for her pit of that. She says that I’m being unfair because I cater to Mia’s dietary needs, but Mia has an actual allergy, and is 10. Dani has made a choice. She has been living off biscuits for the last three days and claiming that I’m “starving her” even though I’ve made meat free potions if whatever we’ve eaten, even added tofu and alternate protein to her meals, but she says she wants these really specific vegetarian meals, that also have gluten in them so it’s not like I can make a big batch for the family.

My friend Shannon (F25) lives in a shared house.

Yesterday when we were chlling at her place, her roommate Bess(F, around the same age) suddenly knocked the door. Bess was furious and yelled at Shannon because she found her reusable lunchbox in the trash. Bess claimed that Shannon took the box without permission and destroyed it. It was completely scratched, partially melted and had paint stains in it. Bess said that she had been searching for it for some days, and had asked shannon, but Shannon had claimed to not seen it. Shannon had used it to transport nail polish in there when a bottle burst. She then tried to clean it, but neither nail polish remover nor alcohol did work, so she tried to scrape it off. Her last resort was to bake the box in the oven and try to soften the colour to scrape it off. When nothing worked, she hid it in the trash. Bess demanded an apology and a new box.

Shannon started to cry and say she didn't do anything wrong. Our other friends who were around started comforting Shannon and telling her she was NTA and she "didn't do anything wrong", because "accidents happen" and she didn't know she didn't have permission to take the box. They told her that she doesn't have to apologize because she didn't do it on purpose.

I said I agree that Bess shouldn't have yelled at Shannon. And that I'm sure there will be a solution and that I will help Shannon buy a new box for Bess. BUT that I still think it was a bad idea of Shannon to use a lunchbox that's not her own to transport nail polish. And it was very much wrong to hide it from Bess, she should have immediately told Bess what happened. And lying about not knowing anything is makes it even worse.

Shannon strated crying harder and the others called me TA for not "supporting" her. I think she is TA, because it wasn't an accident like something falling off a cupboard.
So I (32F) got married two months ago to my husband (35M). We had a beautiful wedding and my childhood bff Jessica (31F) was my maid of honour.

I had a themed wedding, my Husband and I are both historians and we met because we were researching the same time period for our theses, namely the 1800s in Great Britain, or popularly known as the regency era. The fact that we both researched the same time period was practically the reason why we started dating, so we instantly loved the idea of a themed wedding set in the regency era, as it was sentimental to us and a beautiful way to honour our beginnings.

For my wedding I personally paid for my wedding party's dresses + hair and makeup. Now Jessica has tattoos on her hands legs torso and neck. I brought up her tattoos and asked her what she would prefer to do with them to stay on theme, She said she wishes to do nothing, and while she understands the theme is important to my husband and I, she was not gonna cover herself up in anyway, as she didn’t want to compromise herself. I was a little miffed but I accepted this, since it’s a fair boundary and so I didn't push it. Plus gloves was an important part of the bridesmaids’ attire meaning most of her tattoos will be covered by the gloves itself and it was really just the neck tattoos I was worried about but the bridesmaid dresses had conservative necklines so it wouldn’t be very conspicuous, and so I thought I could just get over this and not worry.

However on the day of the wedding, Jessica’s gloves were small instead of the big ones I expected the bridesmaids to wear and her dress’ neckline did nothing to cover her tattoos as she had altered it last minute. I did not expect this and was kind of thrown off, but after a while, I stopped caring and was busy having the best day of my life.

However fast forward to a few weeks ago, I got back the first set of pictures from my wedding day and the pics with Jessica in them were jarring to say the least because of her tattoos. It was honestly so out of place since I had asked my photographer to edit the pics to give them a historic portrait like look. I wanted a particular pic of my husband and I, our families + MOH and BM framed but if anyone saw that pic the first thing they would’ve noticed was Jessica’s tattoos, and not my husband and I.

I really wanted this one particular picture to look like an actual portrait drawn in 1810 so I went ahead and asked the photographer to digitally remove the tattoos. The post photoshop pic came in the mail yesterday and I showed it to Jessica, I knew she would get annoyed with this and I was ready to apologize sincerely, but also let her know that I wont be returning the picture. Jessica was very very mad when she saw the pic and told me this was a narcissistic and disrespectful thing to do and stormed out of my house, she was more mad than I ever expected her to be so now I’m not sure if I was truly way out of line, or just a little bit selfish. So AITA?

I would just like to say to the people speculating that I have an issue with Jessica's tattoos in general that No I do not have issues with them at all. I think theyre beautiful and uniquely her, and since she designs most of her tattoos herself I find them incredibly artistic too, in fact I myself have paid for multiple tattoos each year on her birthday as a birthday gift. So No, I do not have a single problem with her having tattoos, in fact if we did not have a regency themed wedding I wouldnt have even brought up the tattoos in the first place. My issue was that they didnt fit in with the theme and were consequently incredibly jarring compared against the general look of my wedding, but then this issue was mitigated by the style of the clothing the bridesmaids and I chose, since that did a fairly good job of making her look period appropriate I thought the issue had been resolved but then she altered the clothing and it revealed almost all her tattoos in a loud conspicuous fashion mostly because everything else about the wedding was aesthetically toned down, neutral and natural, which was why I decided to have them digitally removed for one pic.

I (26F) am nearly 38 weeks pregnant and nearly everything is irritating me at this point. On Friday afternoon my husband(29M) came home from a bad day at work and was having a very negative attitude.

As soon as he walked through the door he was complaining about how messy the house was. Not only am I verily pregnant and unable to do much at this point, but I’m also watching our 2 year old daughter during the day that has been getting into everything. So yes the house was messy and the dishes weren’t done I’ll admit to that.

Then he was complaining that I didn’t have dinner ready for him and that I wasn’t making dinner that night. I usually cook 90% of the time but that day I was just so tired and done with everything so I suggested we go out.

I tried to explain how it’s difficult for me to do stuff now, how I’m tired, how our daughter was bouncing off the walls that day and he wouldn’t listening to any of it.

Then he compared me to his friend’s wife by saying “You know, John’s wife is pregnant too and does x, y, and z and she even gets dressed and puts makeup on every day”

Well that’s when I absolutely lost it. I told him to get out, and not come back until the end of the weekend. That I’d had enough and wanted time to myself.

He packed a bag and went to his brothers house, and sent me paragraphs of texts before I finally decided to block his number.

I used the weekend to take my time to clean up and then just spend the rest of the time playing with my daughter.

Not only did he tell his brother about my little freak out, but he told his mother and now she’s been texting me non stop about how I’m being a bad wife. It’s like he’s turned everyone against me over night

Long story short: I (19F) got pregnant in January. My partner (25M) and I had to go through some troubles with his family. I'm not originally from the US and they wanted me to do some fucked up stuff. Eventually, he came to his senses and came to my country to visit me. However, I don't want to give birth in the US because I feel like I'd be at a considerable disadvantage being Latina and a foreigner.

The problem is the plan is for us to move into the States as soon as possible, but since I would rather my baby to be born in my country, thus having more "legal rights" for him in the future, it would delay all of our life plans. My partner is really angry because I keep clogging up the work. My parents told me they would support me in any decision I make, tho they would rather I have an abortion and my friends are completely on my side. But I just don't know if I'm doing the right thing.

He is American. But I'm not. I've been reading through forums of immigrant mums that they have a lot of issues after divorcing with the custody of their children, I thought that if the baby was born in my country then it wouldn't happen?

About the f-ed up stuff: his mum wanted to dictate everything about the birth, she didn't want me to vaccine the baby, she wanted a home birth, insisted on us getting married??? really weird stuff. After I refused to do most of it, they became really annoying so I came back to my country and Mike got really pissed and said a bunch of stuff he didn't mean. It's fine now.

Also, since a lot of people picked up on this: we met when I was 13 and he was 19. He waited until I was 14 to start dating. It was a mutual decision, he didn't force me, in fact, he did say my age felt like a problem back at the time but I convinced him it was fine. Age it's not a big deal.

5 years ago i broke up with my High school sweetheart J. He was in the year above me and went to a college half an hour away, but I had applied to my dream school that was across the country. J wanted to make it work but i wasn’t so hopeful, my classes would have all my attention and neither of us would be able to afford the back and forth traveling. He already had so much stress with classes, his job, and basically raising his younger siblings so i broke it off with him. I told him that i loved him and i knew he was my future but it wouldn’t be fair to either of us to try and stay together now.

J went radio silent for the last weeks I was in school then blocked me on everything and told all our mutual friends that he didn’t want any passed on messages. i drove to his college to talk to him but he told me he wanted nothing to do with me, i hurt him in ways i’d never know and he didn’t want me making any effort to contact him again.

It wasn’t until after i hastily moved across the country to live with my aunt for college that i found out i was pregnant. The only mutual friend of ours that didn’t cut me off told me that it wasn’t a good idea to tell him because he already had enough on his plate being a dad to his siblings and it wouldn’t be fair since he worked so hard to get to where he is. I wanted to tell him but i had no way how.

I met my current boyfriend T when my daughter was still an infant, we clicked immediately and happily took up a fatherly role. A few months ago T got a job offer near the town i used to live in, since my job is more footloose I was able to make the decision to move with him. Yesterday T and I visited my home town to say hi to my parents and a few close friends. We were in the grocery when H slipped out of my grasp and started going through the isles, I was able to catch up to her and scooped her up. As i was talking to her i saw someone out of the corner of my eye pause, i didn’t get a good look because they quickly walked away but i know without a doubt that it was J.

I got a call this morning from the mutual friend saying that now that i’m back in town, it would be unfair to keep H from J anymore, i scoffed and told her that she was the one who refused to tell J from the beginning and that H has a father and a stable life. From what i’ve heard, J has fathered another child and he’s constantly in and out of the child’s life, saying he’s all in one month and saying he’s not ready to be a father the next. I told her that i wasn’t going to allow that to happen with my daughter and that he can know he’s a father when he can actually be one.

My father agrees with me but my mother and the mutual friend are both saying that i’m being cruel and he deserves to know that he has flesh and blood out there. I’m conflicted on what to do and i keep seeing J around, always just in the corner of my eye. Am i the asshole?

I’m using a throwaway account because I don’t want this in my main account’s history that I use for non-personal things.

I (44M) have three kids with my ex-wife, who I’ll call Linda. They are 18M, 17M, and 15F. We got divorced six years ago.

Linda is a far more strict parent than I am. That’s why the kids choose to live with me most of the time. Linda has never liked that fact. She calls me negligent and accuses me of spoiling them to steal the kids away from her.

This is far from true. I have rules, just fewer of them than Linda does, and I hardly “spoil” the kids when I make them get jobs to earn their own money. The kids are great kids. They’ve all got over 4.0 GPAs, the boys are varsity athletes, and my daughter is on the dance team. They’re humble, respectful, and exactly how I’ve raised them to be.

Over spring break, my kids went out parting as teenagers will do. A couple of those parties had alcohol. I don’t care if my kids drink as long as they’re safe about it. Don’t get arrested, never drive drunk, always know you can call me for a ride, or I’ll pay for your Uber. They usually pick the Uber so that their dad doesn’t have to pull up to the party, haha.

Linda HATES that I parent this way. I told Linda that’s how I grew up, and that’s how I choose to parent. She can do what she wants when the kids are with her, but I can do what I want when they’re with me.

There has never been any issue with the kids getting out of control. During a normal week, they drink at most twice, usually just once. It’s most always on weekends and not on school nights Homework gets done, they get to their jobs on time, and they very rarely drink too much in one night.

Last weekend she told them they’re not allowed to drink anymore, installed tracking apps on all my kids phones and demanded that she know each of their passcodes. She even threatened to call the police on any party they’re drinking at if that’s what it would take. I think it was an empty threat, but the kids didn’t take it lightly. That obviously pissed the kids off. When they told me about it, I gave them permission to delete it. I pay for the phones after all.

Linda texted them asking why they deleted the app, and they told her I let them. She went ballistic on my for the rest of the night. After I stopped responding, she went back to texting the kids. I finally called her, and I basically told her she’s not putting tracking apps on phones she doesn’t own, and can drop it.

Edit: I misworded the part about how much they drink. At first it seemed that I said they drink twice during the school week, and more on the weekends. I meant they drink 1-2 times per week, both of which are on weekends.

For context I am 19 in college and she is 18 in high school going to college an hour away from me next year. My first semester i went through a lot of crap to get where I am and I am incredibly proud of my work so with parental permission I got a peacock on my ankle. No big deal i was assuming. Turns out its a big deal and now my girlfriend is threatening to break up with me. She is mad saying how my style was already garbage and how she has waited for me to fix it and I never did and I told her I was willing to work with her to help that. Then she finds out about this tattoo and now says she’s threatening to break up with me. She sent the tattoo to her whole family and they have all sent the pic to me saying how gross and bad it is. Even though my family loves it. Shes mad how I did not ask for permission and says it doesn’t fit her values of how we should be together, currently in crisis mode trying to work this out. AITA?

This is a silly little disagreement my boyfriend and I would like strangers online's input on.

We've lived together for 3 years and we've always taken turns in cooking. However, his portion sizes are always so much bigger than mine. Thanks to lockdown I've put on a few so lately have been asking him to make sure my portions are smaller. He's still not totally grasped that so when he cooks I've been putting half of my plate into a tuppaware to have as lunch the next day (and then I'll have a small evening meal).

The first few times I did this was fine. But this last week he's been questioning me why I should have the leftovers and not him, since he cooked the meal. My view is that this is because it's my meal I'm just having it "in stages". But he thinks that anything I don't eat the night before should be "anyone's game" but if he wants it he should have priority.

I get his point that if he cooked it it would be nice for him to "enjoy it" longer but I also feel like if I decided to eat it all in one go he wouldn't get leftovers anyway.

We're not taking this totally seriously (as in it's not some big argument we're having) but I'd still like to know if there's an unspoken rule of who should get the leftovers in this scenario and if I'm being an AH eating them myself.