I'm so mad but I don't know why. I knew what side of things he would be on. I knew he would side with Putin just because he's friends with Trump and this just goes along with the test of the crazy ideas they all share with each other. I guess I just wanted a little peace in my life and now just writing that makes me feel so stupid and guilty, here is the Ukraine literally being invaded in war and im mad, I cant have peace in my home because my husband is a lunatic. How much more can I take, I truly don't know. I feel so stupid for engaging in the conversation I had, I knew better then to try and talk about world issues to a Q. Someone please help with any advice on how to stop engaging with Q people on war and world issues.

I haven't posted here for a long time now, because I thought things had gotten better with her. Honestly, it looked like she'd really calmed down with it all. She was focusing on her kids, her personal life, her health, etc.
Super quick version of events for the last 2 years; she was all about the fizzledrop (or whatever it's called) and the Save The Children stuff. It disgusted me, there was no taking her out of it until she crawled out of it herself. However, she's leaned back and forth from some conspiracy stuff, even some goalpost pushing herself.
She and I got into an argument a while back where I managed to get her to "drop her bullshit" as I call it. She ended up admitting to me, to my face, that she loves Trump specifically because he's an asshole and a bully.
So, I dropped her from my life for about a week until she came to me, in tears, begging me to forgive her and she apparently didn't know how bad that would hurt me. So, I opened back up to her because I'm a bleeding heart and an idiot.
There honestly wasn't anything else after that. I stayed off Facebook, she still grumbled about democrats every now and then. After her last 60 Day Facebook Ban, she seemingly cut the anti-dem crap.
Then bam. Last night, she's making posts about how the Russian Invasion of Ukraine is now all Biden's fault and she hopes all the Biden Voters (i.e. me) are proud of themselves. I tried to correct her (admittedly, I was the one who brought Trump into it), but she full-on told me to fuck off, all these Ukrainian lives are on Biden's hands, etc, etc.
Biden hadn't even said anything yet. It was HOURS before Biden's scheduled press conference. That was the last straw for me; people are dying and she lays them on Biden and acts as if Putin is just... I don't know, an animal who isn't at fault?
Have Q People moved past Trump this much? I can't get in her head anymore, other than she's so rabid against the Democrats, that she'd blame them for the weather. Unironically, might I add.
I really have no where else to ask this question. Is this what it is now, or is this a regular brand of... I don't even know what to call it.

I was in the Marine Corps some time ago. And I deployed to Afghanistan with a certain man who became as close as family to me. We eventually parted ways and lost contact. But I eventually reconnected with him on Facebook.
I was comfortable talking to my brother for a couple years after we reconnected. We could have long conversations about everything from politics to religion without either of us taking offense. Then the 2020 presidential election came around. He became aggressive and distant. He started quoting alt right YouTubers and activists. He actually blamed me for the outcome of the election. He was inconsolable.
It hasn’t gotten better since then. He has told me several, well, insane things. He’s told me that his child is in danger as long as he is in contact with me. He has repeatedly called me a sheep for refusing to take part in his political rants. He has berated me time after time. And, all the while, I have tried to maintain a relationship with him.
However, today I contacted him. I was seeking his honest opinion about a social matter in the hopes that he may actually have some insight that I didn’t. But I made the mistake of leading it with “I don’t feel like talking a lot about it”. I said that because I was trying to avoid a rant. I just wanted a simple one or two sentence opinion. Well, considering how outspoken he is, he decided to label me as weak for not wanting to engage in a passionate discussion. I, once again, am a beta man and sheep. I explained that I’m a more contemplative person. I don’t like to make rash judgments based on emotions. Then he berated me more.
I guess that a man, even a strong man, can only take so much. I informed him that he is the sheep. I told him that I’m proud to have avoided joining his cult. I said my goodbye. I doubt I’ll ever talk to him again. I wish I could say I am sad. But, after all of his bullshit, I am relieved. I hung on to our friendship as long as I could, but he is no longer the brother I knew in Afghanistan. That man may be gone forever.

I was in the Marine Corps some time ago. And I deployed to Afghanistan with a certain man who became as close as family to me. We eventually parted ways and lost contact. But I eventually reconnected with him on Facebook.
I was comfortable talking to my brother for a couple years after we reconnected. We could have long conversations about everything from politics to religion without either of us taking offense. Then the 2020 presidential election came around. He became aggressive and distant. He started quoting alt right YouTubers and activists. He actually blamed me for the outcome of the election. He was inconsolable.
It hasn’t gotten better since then. He has told me several, well, insane things. He’s told me that his child is in danger as long as he is in contact with me. He has repeatedly called me a sheep for refusing to take part in his political rants. He has berated me time after time. And, all the while, I have tried to maintain a relationship with him.
However, today I contacted him. I was seeking his honest opinion about a social matter in the hopes that he may actually have some insight that I didn’t. But I made the mistake of leading it with “I don’t feel like talking a lot about it”. I said that because I was trying to avoid a rant. I just wanted a simple one or two sentence opinion. Well, considering how outspoken he is, he decided to label me as weak for not wanting to engage in a passionate discussion. I, once again, am a beta man and sheep. I explained that I’m a more contemplative person. I don’t like to make rash judgments based on emotions. Then he berated me more.
I guess that a man, even a strong man, can only take so much. I informed him that he is the sheep. I told him that I’m proud to have avoided joining his cult. I said my goodbye. I doubt I’ll ever talk to him again. I wish I could say I am sad. But, after all of his bullshit, I am relieved. I hung on to our friendship as long as I could, but he is no longer the brother I knew in Afghanistan. That man may be gone forever.

himself when it comes to steering any conversation to heated political topics. 2) he refuses to get vaccinated and I am high risk. 3) He insists Trump will be reinstated on insert date, change date, change date. 4) He blamed us for the pandemic because we don't love thy neighbor as the bible says. If we didn't love our neighbor, why would we be wearing masks to protect people for years now? Well, now quite suddenly he is dying. He has 10% capacity of his heart working. Unfortunately, we can't go see him in the hospital and say goodbye because he would not get vaccinated. We drew a line and won't cross it when it comes to being near anti-vaxxers. Q took him and left a shell that only knows how to hate. That guy is unrecognizable compared to the caring, compassionate guy I've known for 30 years. Totally brainwashed and he will die alone.

My mom has changed a lot over the last year. She has always leaned towards the conservative side but was very respectful about different views. I think we started to lose the mom I knew about a year into Covid. She believes in the craziest crap. For example she thinks the burgers at Max Donald’s is actually dead babies( her words not mine). She is obsessed with the Child Sex Trafficking and suddenly for abused children when she emotionally and physically abused us at times growing up. We weren’t ever close but her polarizing views have really put a strain on what type of relationship I have with her. I am an adult with a learning disability working and going to school so right now I can’t afford to move out ( I live the north east where rent is super high so I’m saving up for my own place). She thinks Trump is the best and that Covid is nothing but the Flu and is an absolute Karen over masks. I’m feeling pretty helpless right now which makes me feel stupid considering Europeans are actually in the helpless position. I’m really struggling here any encouragement is much appreciated. Thanks

Hello everyone,

I am a communication and media studies student at Stetson University and I am currently conducting research on the role that online communities can play in our physical lives and relationships.

It has become increasingly clear that research needs to be conducted on the phenomena of losing loved ones to QAnon. Unfortunately, it is as devastating as it is poorly understood in the academic community.

Please feel free to message me or comment below if you are interested in participating in a digital interview with me. Interviews are easy and quick to set up. Your identity will be protected and you will be contributing to an academic conversation that has been long overdue.

I feel torn. Which makes me feel worse.
On the one hand, he's been a shitty Dad trying to ram Q and other conspiracies down my throat every time I visit.
On the other hand, he's my Dad. And when I was a kid he was the best Dad. When I was a teen he was an ok Dad.
Now he might have myeloma. He's been weak and confused for awhile but this is the first time the doc has put a name to it. He has a bone marrow biopsy to confirm next week but he has all the hallmarks of it.
I don't know how to feel.

My brother in law is Qanon and it’s starting to spread through my immediate family and it worries me so much. I’m not really sure if my parents buy into it as much as my brother in law does but that’s besides the point. I’m so scared for my nephew, he’s still under a year but my brother in law is already saying that he shouldn’t get vaccines and etc. fuck I’m not even just worried about that, I’m worried that he’s going to grow up believing this nonsense and seeing other people as lesser than him. Idk what to do, I want to pull them out of it so bad but I don’t think it’s possible

I'm feeling pretty speechless and confused and angry with my severely far gone qanon worshiping older brother right now.
He's always been interested in nonsense conspiracies and 'alternative facts' and has admittedly also always had a bit of a racist streak in him, but by and large he was pretty harmless and non offensive 95% of the time....that started changing pretty quickly though with Trump's big rise in the leadup to the 2016 election to now where he's completely gone off the deep end.

He pretty quickly became a full blown q converter and stopped going into work more and more often so he could spend more time watching youtube and talking to other fellow believers.
The arrival of covid really kicked it into high gear and he became more and more angry and outspoken with his views, culminating in him quitting work when vaccine mandates were introduced requiring him to be vaccinated to be able to carry on working.

Pretty soon after he went on a big road trip for a few months with the excuse of needing to just get away to clear his head and calm down a bit....he came back and though still a full blown believer was at least less vocal about it and seemingly spruiking less insane conspiracies...
Fast forward to this past weekend when i was catching up with him at a family dinner where he decided to share his newest interest with everyone - as usual, more q nonsense annnnnnd full blown neo nazi rallies

After being politely told by my mum, my other (also far right supporting) older brother and I that we didn't want to watch or hear about any of that and following an unsuccessful attempt to get him to talk about some of his old non batshit hobbies he started ranting about jews, blacks, race traitors and pedophile elites and stormed out on us.

It's been a few days but I still feel shocked and depressed as it seems he's now well and truly too far gone for us to pull him back to some semblance of his old 'normal' self.


My mothers best friend of 40 years has gone headfirst into this whole conspiracy around “globalists” and all the various conspiracies that naturally come along with it that seem to fall under the Q umbrella of conspiracies. We have tried to convince them otherwise but I’m afraid they really buy into it wholeheartedly. The really painful part is so many of these conspiracies revolve around globalism which is really vailed antisemitism…and well…my whole family is Jewish. They attended my wedding for goodness sake. We were all close and I loved them so much growing up but I just cannot be friends with people who would spread conspiracies so harmful to my own community and deny that these are so harmful. Just feeling kind of lost as to how to help bring them back from this really weird and hurtful place. They were not the sort of people I would have ever expected to fall for this stuff. My mother is still arguing with them but it just seems like no use.

I have this friend that I've known for years and it's getting really hard to talk to her. I miss just asking her questions without her having to whip out her tarot cards or how something relates to the Universe. She hasn't said if she is into Qanon and has told me she doesn't believe in conspiracy theories but she has said to me before how she browsed their Facebook group pages and looked at some of their content. She refuses to get vaxed and thinks the government is out to get her. If you believe a crystal can help you or guide you, isn't that a conspiracy theory? Not everything has to relate to the Universe and people deal with their own shit in certain ways.

She's even had a spiritual awakening and says the Great awakening is happening and people will start to wake up. Wake up from what exactly?


I'm fighting back tears right now. I haven't seen my sister in a year. Last time I saw her, she told me she didn't need me in her life because I told her there were no lizard men controlling the liberal media. I came back to visit family and she and I talked tonight. She and I sat down with our mother, a major Qultist, and my sister started talking about how she regrets having voted for Trump and that she feels like she got out of a daze. As we were both talking about how we feel used and abused by the political division in this country, I watched our mother wriggle with discomfort and check her phone. But my sister and I had this deep connection that we haven't had in years. She drove me to my hotel and stayed to talk for hours. She broke up with her fiance (also a Qultist) and started making new friends. She's dating a balanced guy, now, and working as an elementary school teacher. I am so proud of her and so happy she's come out. I didn't do anything to help her get out, I really just thought she was gone. I'm just so happy to have my sister back.

He’s not gone yet but he’s getting there.

The awkward silences after he drops another wild take are getting longer and even worse it’s happening while we’re hanging out with his own family. We all just let whatever he says hang and hope he drops it, which thankfully he’s always done.

He’s not talking about the Illuminati (yet) but he’s unvaxxed and talks mostly about American politics even though we’re Canadian.

I hate that I'm starting to resent him when he starts talking about all this nonsense. I hate that I feel embarrassed by him. I hate that all I can think about while he’s repeating something he heard online is “god, what a fucking idiot”.

He wasn’t like this 4 years ago. He’s a great boyfriend when Q stuff isn’t the topic of discussion, and even when it is he’s never yelled or directed anything at me. It’s like he’s momentarily possessed and is back to normal a few minutes later. I still think he’s a smart guy with a curious mind, I just hate that he’s been suckered into this mess because he’s scared.

He told me after his ex burned him with a bad breakup he was briefly sucked into the MGTOW circles but he was able to get out of that which gives me hope that he can get out of this. I KNOW why all this Q stuff is so appealing for him right now, and I know there has to be some way to get him back.

I know he’s not too far gone but I don’t know how to help him. I know it’ll need to be slow and gentle but I don’t even know where to begin. I feel like time is running out, with the way he’s going he’ll be full Q by the end of the year and I’ll have to be gone by then.

Is there anything I can do for him ?

My dad has never mentioned Q specifically. He hasn't said anything about the sex trafficking stuff that a lot of Q's believe in. He's very much anti-mask, anti-vax, pro-trucker convoy, etc. We have this agreement in my family not to talk politics because during the 2016 election there were arguments over politics. So I obliged. I never bring up politics. My dad constantly does, still. I live in Minneapolis and when the George Floyd murder went down, I couldn't even talk to him about it at all because he as making it political and spewing bullshit about the city that he's seen on social media. Telling me I'm wrong about things when I live here and am involved in the community and have seen with my own eyes.
Today I realized I can no longer just have a simple conversation with him. This disinformation culture is now embedded into his identity. He never once asked me about my health (was recently diagnosed with an auto-immune disorder), never asked about my job, my life, my pets, my partner - nothing. Just spewed this story of him acting like man-karen about masks at a freaking high school!! He is a delivery driver and apparently really "stuck it to them!" at the high school. Masks are required and he apparently refused to wear his and got into it with the administrator and resource officer about it.
I guess I'm wondering, how do you get through to someone who has this infestation of disinformation lodged so deeply inside of them that they are no longer themselves? How do I even begin a conversation? Ideally I'd love to go NC but my mom and I are really close and I'm afraid of the stress it will bring to her. I feel hopeless. Like I'm climbing this giant hill that just keeps going up and up. Any insight? I've already tried fact-checking but that doesn't work when they literally are living in a different reality. I don't even care to change his mind, I just want to encourage him to not rely solely on right-wing fake news. Also...any helpful boundary setting tips would be greatly appreciated! How do I respond when he breaks that boundary of no politics talk? I am always painted as the aggressor in my family because my viewpoints differ from most of my family's.

I'm in family therapy with my q-ish, anti vax mom, and our therapist was able to get us to agree to meet with our family doctor, a source who we both know and trust, to address her vaccine concerns. She did not like this idea, thinking that our doctor wouldn't know the "truth" about vaccines that my mom has uncovered these last few years. However, she thankfully agreed because she is committed to making our strained relationship better.
What questions would you ask during this appointment that might help spark some doubt that the vaccines are not an ineffective, murderous weapon that was only created to make the rich richer?

Hello!

Earlier today the mods (upon whom praise shall be heaped) have tasked me to create a regular hubspot for venting related submissions.

Lé mods (praise be) have informed me that this is to be done in order to recognise and highlight the flood of negative interactions with Qultists by those around them.

Per the above, to compensate there will be a relaxation of rules and guidelines, except for rules regarding tacit approval of anyone's death and Reddit's own ToS. The rules will remain as per standard everywhere else.

My task for the next week or two is to create this post every 24 hours. After that the frequency may change or I may be destroyed and sold for scrap as per my generous creator's instructions (praise be).

I’ve posted here before and always find this sub really helpful to turn to. Long story (everyone here knows too well already) short, my mum is into all the Q stuff. She’s never said Q anon to me but the things she believes seem to be all the same as the Q theories. It’s been really hard and our relationship has been severely impacted, but lately it’s actually been a little better with her, she seems to have realized she’s not changing my mind and when we talk she manages to not turn conversation to conspiracies. But now I’m struggling with my anxiety again because of how many strangers or other people I encounter in my life seem to be believing this stuff too. I own a shop and last week we had a talker from the Q rallies come in and tell us all who’ve had the vaccine will be dead in 3-5 years. I don’t believe in that stuff and my logical mind knows I should just not fixate but being an anxious person is making that increasingly difficult. It seems like other people I know/care about are starting to fall for this shit too, or at least they’re entertaining it more. I don’t know how to cope when it feels like at this point it’s a 50/50 split of covid hoaxers and people who don’t buy any of it. I guess I just need some reassurance that there are still loads of people out there who don’t think the Queens a lizard and all the vaccinated are gonna die.
Today I’m just feeling so dragged down by it all and my depression has been creeping back in peaks and troughs for the past couple of years, I feel like either way I lose. Either I’ll die in 3-5 years from the vaccine or I’ve lost my close relationship with mum and the world is fucked for no good reason. I said before things have been better with Ma and they have, but we’re nowhere near as close as we used to be and I don’t feel like we ever will be again.
Ps. For context I live in the UK, it’s getting real bad over here too. And also, sorry this is so long

Hi everybody! Long time lurker and first time poster in this sub and I’m interested if anyone has had a similar experience to mine.
I’ve struggled with alcohol use disorder and binge drinking for most of my adult life. I was in and out of AA since 2014 and my drinking negatively impacted many interpersonal relationships.
I became a mom a couple years ago and started to take getting sober “for good” a lot more seriously. I signed up for some “life coaching” with this lady who had had a similar experience to mine with alcoholism and who was also a sober moma.
She was a cool person in a lot of ways and because I was working my 12 steps I told her a lot of personal things that nobody else knows.
Anyways through our conversations and on her socials I started seeing little hints that something wasn’t right. Weird stuff about the elite being child molesters, anti vaxx/anti mask stuff, I remember she brought up ANTIFA once after I told her something pretty personal and it kind of made me raise an eyebrow. I held my nose on it because in general sobriety groups non non-political (it’s one of AAs traditions).
After RBG died she said something about her date of death being faked to fall on a high Jewish holiday and that was the moment I noped out mentally. RBG was a personal hero of mine and it was totally disrespectful and tone deaf. I didn’t say anything but just kind of backed off with her after that.
Part of this coaching was a virtual group with other women who would meet once per week and talk. Some were sober and others just ladies who wanted to chat with other ladies. Some of these ladies were also Q anon sympathizers and it was just yuck.
Anyways I’m in Canada so the trucker convoy has been all over the news. After spending Friday morning watching 3 different journalists on 3 different news channels get either harassed or assaulted I posted something on IG that was basically like, “if you agree with this behavior, please go ahead and unfollow”.
They’re all gone now. People who were so important when I first got sober, who know so much personal stuff about me, just quickly dropped me because I’m not ok with assaulting journalists and bringing small children into an active police operation (both things that happened in Ottawa over the weekend). It hurts but it wasn’t unexpected.
I know I need to get back to good ole AA and leave the life coaching thing behind me, but I see how Q preys on vulnerable people and it has me looking at all my sober friends with suspicion.
Thanks for reading my post. Love to you all.

I'm afraid that I may be losing another sibling to this BS. I'll give a bit of background on my youngest sister. She is in remission after having been treated for lung cancer a few years ago, and she also has COPD. She wouldn't likely have a good outcome if she was to get COVID. She has always worn a mask when out, but she does socialize quite a bit, and I don't think she wears a mask then. Only one of her three adult children is vaccinated, and she socializes with them all of the time. She did get the first two vaccines, but now she is refusing to get the booster. She claims that she doesn't want to get it, because she has heard of people getting sick from it. She didn't get sick from the first two, and my husband and I both got the booster, and we didn't get sick from it, or from the other two.
She has always taken the virus somewhat seriously, but I've noticed some changes in her attitude lately. I'm thinking that it's because she is in regular contact with my Qsister. She has on her FB page a picture of Snoopy sitting in a yoga pose, and it says 'Exhale Fear'. I didn't think too much of that, although a small flag went up in my mind when I saw it. Today she posted a meme that says, "Children need dirt and germs, NOT masks and sanitizer." Underneath the words are two drawings of sheep. Okay. That is definitely a warning sign if you ask me! She has always told me that she doesn't agree with our Qsister, that she agrees with me, but I can't help but think that she is being brainwashed into believing the anti-vax BS that my Qsister spews.
Now that she is refusing the booster, her protection is surely waning, so she will be at a much greater risk if she contracts the virus.
A friend of mine got the virus around Christmas time. She also has COPD. She was fully vaccinated, even boosted, but the virus attacked her lungs anyway. She's been in the hospital ever since, and almost died a couple of times. Now they say that she needs lung transplants in order to survive. If the virus affected her like that, why wouldn't my sister be similarly affected? I know we're all different, but they both have damaged lungs, so I can't help but think that their outcomes might be similar.
Anyway, what do you guys think? Is my sister going down the rabbit hole with my Qsister? I've already had to cut my Qsister completely out of my life. I really don't want to have to cut another sister out of my life too, but if she ends up becoming another Qsister, I won't have any choice.

Hi! I really need advice on how to talk to my mother about me being vaccinated. Long story short I am taking a month long trip to volunteer in Europe in a few months(Covid dependent) and to do so I need to inform my mother that I am vaccinated since I just turned 18 and live under her roof and can’t avoid the topic since most of Europe is shut down to people who aren’t vaccinated. I’ve managed to avoid confrontation until now about how I don’t agree with her qanon beliefs but I’m afraid she will kick me out or worse if I tell her this. Any advice on how I can “soften the blow” or just avoid making things worse than they need to be?

My brother is a QAon’er and I have tried to see what the deal is. He believes crazy ass shit and thinks I’m delusional for not believing in what he does. He says he has all this information from telegram? And all this proof?! Biden is a puppet, the earth is flat, trump is a prophet, the deep state controls everything, liberals rape and turn kids into sexual slaves, etc.
I’m just curious if anyone has similar experiences, and I can’t even talk to my brother anymore, because I am a sheep and his eyes are open lol. We used to be close and he is sucked into this shit.

This isn't a full on q story, but I am so upset and haven't been able to stop thinking about a conversation I had with my daughter a few nights ago.
I knew she was vaccine hesitant, but since she usually respects my opinions on things, I thought I would be able to get through to her. What I got was a brick wall.
She told me that she is not getting the vaccine because it changes your DNA, and that people who got it are so afraid of this virus that they are willing to take anything. I was really hurt, I don't understand how she could think this of me.
She also believes that the U.S. government is covering up vaccine deaths. They can do that because they don't have vaccines worldwide. (???)
Psychologists tell us to ask questions about their delusions to try to bring them out of it, but she turned that tactic on ME, asking me questions I can't answer well because I'm not a doctor or scientist. She had me stuttering and repeating myself. I also went off on some tangents that complicated everything. I kept asking her to ask her doctor.
She claims not to watch the news (doesn't trust the media), claims she doesn't get on social media, yet doesn't realize she's getting all her info from her husband and MIL, who do get their info on social media. She also claims to be very careful, yet she's had Covid twice in 4 months. Planning a trip to Florida, and letting her unvaxxed MIL visit after an international flight does not sound "safe" to me, especially when she has two kids under five.
I also learned during that conversation that my son has been lying to me and also is not vaccinated. What the hell?
I'm so angry and sad that I don't want to talk to either of them again any time soon.
I despise the people who are spreading disinformation and breaking up families.
Sorry this is so long, thanks for listening.

That's horrible. I'm so sorry you have to deal with it.
I'm not an expert. And I don't have many answers. Others on here can be more helpful.
But I'll give you the same advice I give everyone. Try not to dwell on it. Getting worked up over things you can't change will only hurt you. I know it's hard. And it feels like you need to go over it again and again. But you need to try to distract yourself. Don't let it destroy you. There is a time to deal with things. And a time when you can do nothing. Don't spend that time dwelling on what you can't change. It will only hurt you.
That advice helped me. I hope it helps you. I wish I could do more. But I'm as lost, or more so, than you are. Good luck. And look after yourself. Don't dwell on what you can't change.

I made a deal with myself. The only time I allow myself to worry is waiting for someone to get out of surgery. Otherwise, it's a waste of time bc if we can't control an outcome, then that's it. My older son has been in NC with me for a couple of years and I wrote him a goodbye letter in case something happens to me. It's heartbreaking & something only another parent can understand. In the coming years, I hope the rebound against this dark-ages mentality is tremendous. Peace, mom

My mom has been drifting into Q territory since Covid started. But she's not there yet. She is still open to seeing/hearing evidence contrary to her claims. I'm trying to find info to debunk one of her main claims:
I can't remember the exact name, but some prominent scientist claimed that the virus had lab-based origins, then Fauci gave a several million dollar grant to said scientist, then they "changed their minds" and publicly said it is NOT from a lab.
Doing research, I found a scientist that fits the bill, Kristian Andersen, but I can't find ANY information on a grant given by the NIH. And Andersen actually goes into a lot of detail of how he wasn't totally sold on the lab theory and that he changed his mind because he looked further into it.
Does anyone here have any source on this? I suspect it might have come from RFK's 800 page long book about Fauci, which she read. I'm not going down that rabbit hole, but if anyone knows a source for any fact checks on that book, I'd love that. A cursory Google search gave me nothing.

I’m sorry for the long post; I have a lot of bottled up feelings about this and not many people to talk to about it.
My mom isn’t full-on Q - at least not that I’m aware of - but believes in the Deep State, believes the election was stolen, and is extremely anti-vax. When my sister had to get the vaccine for school, my mom went with her to ensure they weren’t putting a tracker on her.
For context, we have a complicated relationship. We were pretty close prior to COVID. Tensions slowly grew from the lockdown into the summer of 2020. After she found out I attended a BLM protest, she told me she had failed as a mother and I was on my own. I wound up staying at someone else’s place for a short time. Eventually, she (sort of?) apologized for saying that and I returned home, but things haven’t been the same since. We don’t discuss anything remotely political anymore, but there’s a distance between us that wasn’t there before COVID.
Things have been pretty much fine until recently. I’m graduating from college soon, and my school is requiring everyone at my graduation to be vaccinated, guests included. When I asked her what she’s going to do about that, she told me a doctor is going to give her a fake vaccine card for free. I made it clear to her that I was upset by that. She said she would take a COVID test beforehand, but absolutely won’t take the vaccine. I didn’t want to press any further because I don’t want our relationship to deteriorate again.
I went to my dad to get his thoughts (he isn’t vaccinated, but wants to be and is afraid of my mom’s reaction) and he said he didn’t want to be involved in that discussion. I was hoping he might sway her, but since he won’t, should I try to change her mind or is it simply not worth it?
UPDATE: I have decided to tell her that if she doesn’t get vaccinated, I don’t want to go to my graduation. If that doesn’t sway her, I will either attend without her, or celebrate privately. I’m incredibly thankful for all of your advice and support. It really means a lot.

This is driving me absolutely wild. My mom and dad have been divorced since I was 7 and I am 30 now. My dad was against Trump and all that jazz and thought people were crazy who supported him. Fast forward to last year all of a sudden he believes ivermectin is the cure for covid and that natural immunity is the best route. He follows these fake doctors on YouTube. And I begged him in a nice way to get vaccinated and he snapped at me hard and I got upset and told him his ability to not be able to critically think stems from having a narcissistic abusive mother growing up ( which everyone agrees she is ) and apparently that hurt his feelings and i apologized to him. Ever since then though he won't really talk to me at all. I had major surgery and he didn't even offer to come over and see me. I've sent him texts and songs and he hasn't replied. So I just said whatever. This was two months ago.
Fast forward to last week when the FREEDUMB convoy came to my part of the Maritimes ( Canada ) and I did a drive by on my way to an appointment and I gave them the middle finger and posted on FB " go home you bunch of babies " and my step mother who had told me before in the past that " your father told me if I asked him to get vaccinated he would but I support and respect your father so I won't ask him to". Anyway she commented on my Facebook post and said " we were there!" And my friend commented saying why would you be there ? Why aren't you out protesting about things that actually matter and not stand with a bunch of neo nazi " and my step mother told me that I was just a user and got everything out of my dad and her so that's why I can be disrespectful. She was referring to the car that's in her name that I've been making payments on and only missed a payment when I was recovering from surgery. She told me before all the shit hit the fan that if I needed her to cover a payment it would be fine but then she used it against me when I did need help. The only thing I said to her on my FB post was if she truly thinks I'm a user she needs to remove me from FB.
and then..... Still reeling from all this BS. My grandmother called me and I knew my mom was teetering on the edge of insanity. Anyway my grandmother called me and said your mother has lost it. She told my grandmother that we are under Marshall law in Canada and Trudeau is turning Canada into a military country. And she said that we are pre WW2 and equated this with the Holocaust. My grandmother said she had to hang up because she was gonna freak out.
There's so much more but I'm so fucking disgusted with my parents. I keep thinking I'm being dramatic sometimes but ya know.. I don't think I am really. My boundary is if you're gonna go down and stand with a protest with upside down flags and nazi symbols on the flags ( plus way more ) then you have no part in my life. I am mourning the loss of bo

Hey, all.
My girlfriend is a high-ranking Army officer. I'm also in the Army. I was enlisted, but enlisted and officers can't date so I am becoming an officer.
Her job is pretty perfect. She works from 7-11AM every day and only has a day or two of actual work to do every month. The rest of the time, she has downtime/personal time on the clock where she reads, plays tabletop games with her section, watches Netflix, etc. Her salary is around 80k-ish annually. She hasn't worked in the office for like six weeks because of Covid, and there hasn't been work, so it's literally just been a paid vacation. She's been traveling, hanging out with friends, visiting family, etc.
The military requires us to get the vaccine. She will get kicked out if she does not get it. She has next to no stress, next to no work, gets really good benefits, she's halfway to retirement (at 28), she has a master's degree she can only use here, she gets treated well and likes everyone there, she lives in the middle of nowhere (so jobs are not really a thing) but the base is close to her, other jobs will make her get the vaccine, she gets paid really well for next to nothing, I became an officer for her but before I commission she'll be leaving (which I'm upset about), she's throwing away her life's work, etc etc. She's being high-key dumb. Her plan is to work at an Amazon warehouse (she is a small girl, too) for like $14.50/hour after she gets out.
Initially she thought that the vaccine had dead babies inside of it (and I get that with J&J this is true to an extent, but not with Pfizer or Moderna). I cracked that theory. She then started clinging to how it was the "Mark of the Beast '' and I debunked that theory with Revelations, too. She had to write an essay for her leadership on her stance and it's honestly just "stuff". She disregarded the positives, dug deep for the few things that would help her hold a stance against it, and clung to them. When she wrote that essay, it was just stuff. No points, no connections, no meaning, no relation, literally just shit thrown at a wall to see what would stick. Her rejection of it is philosophical and political (which are two cases that the Military said they would NOT acknowledge for exemptions). She also got like 17 or something shots when she first joined and none of them bothered her at all, plus she's needed to get 4-5 shots a year for the past decade.
She's clinging to this out of stubborn-ness. She says it gives her an excuse to talk about God. I also feel like she lacks the humility to be able to say "you're right, I was misled, I'll get it". I can imagine she will be embarrassed to swap sides when everyone in her unit has been bullying her into getting it.
I learned that I am the only pro-vaccine person in her life. The others that are pro-vaccine have been bullying her and treating her like shit so she has wanted to resist it to spite them.
I can imagine you guys are going to tell me to leave her but that's not what I am here for. I want help persuading her to get it. If she throws this away, I might actually leave her, but I want to have a talk with her where I throw all of the ammo at her so that I possibly can try to change her mind before letting her go.
She is super religious (Baptist, hates Catholics, so she won't listen to the Vatican) so if you guys can help me come up with arguments that use the Bible as a common ground, I would appreciate it.
TL;DR: My girlfriend has her dream job in her dream career and she's throwing it away because of stubbornness. I know you guys are going to tell me to dump her, but I really, really want help constructing a compassionate/logical/spiritual "Hey, I understand, but you should really get it. Here's why" talk before I actually dump her. Any arguments, please, send me information, resources, and stances I can take with her. I want to change her mind, not berate her!

Hey all,
Have any of your Q-friends and/or family members been convinced that ALL debt will be erased in a matter of months? My mom was on the NESARA scam train last year. I have limited contact with them since they've gone off the deep end; but lately I have to talk to them about student loans they cosigned. They FINALLY agreed to help me refinance with a 3rd party for my private loans (I'm not in a position to qualify on my own at the moment) - but only when I pointed out it would save them money as well.
As an adult, I know my parents are horrible with money. They racked up a lot of debt when my sister and I were younger. When I was quite literally a starving senior in college, they actually asked to borrow money from me so my dad could buy a plane ticket for work. Meanwhile, my sister was living at home, rent free, and making an 'adult salary' working at a bank. When I suggested they ask her, they said they were too embarrassed (I was always the scapegoat). But, I'm getting off topic.
While I am kinda clinging to the possibility of some form of student debt relief from the government, I am NOT banking on it. At this point, I've accepted that I'll probably rent my whole life and make loan payments till I die. My parents are "supportive" right now by agreeing to be a cosigner; but they also genuinely believe all debt is going to disappear. They genuinely believe any taxation is tyranny now. It's bizarre.

Some backstory: me and my cousin are around the same age and grew up together and up until last year were very close. We had even talked about moving in together and would hang out multiple times a week.
Since the pandemic started she has slowly been falling deeper into conspiracy theories and is extremely antivax (which I found out last year). She left her job because they introduced a vaccine mandate. Her whole family (mom, dad, sister, grandparents) are all antivax as well with her mom being the most extreme and deep into it. She literally will not believe any actual scientific information about the vaccine and gets all of her information from facebook posts. I haven’t seen her in person for a while because my mom has cancer and is immunocompromised and I don’t want to risk it.
My last straw was her posting that she was a part of the anti vax convoy and I deleted her and her family off all social media. I haven’t answered her last few texts which I feel guilty about since one of them was just her checking in on me. I know it’s immature to completely ignore her, but it just makes me so upset and I can’t handle any more stress right now.
Should I text her and explain why I don’t want to speak to her anymore? Or should I wait for her to text me? Or should I just ignore her altogether?
Another note: I don’t want to fight with her or try to convince her she’s wrong because I think she’s too far gone and i just don’t have the energy anymore

After my QDad went to the trucker convoy in Ottawa on January 29th, things have not been good. I live with my parents and I left home on the Wednesday before the weekend of the convoy because I had a big blowout with my family and I knew I needed to get out of the house and away from my dad. I stayed with my friend from work for 2 weeks so that I could mentally get better and because if my dad got covid at the event, I did not want to risk having to miss work and self-isolate. In these two weeks, I was able to secure a group of friends to live with in May, which really came in a time of need. I also gained a lot of clarity being away from home.
Then I moved back home on February 11th. This is when things went downhill. I mistakenly thought that things would be different when I got home because my dad had a chance to think things over. Now, I obviously didn't think he would change his opinions but I expected the constant Fox News, Dan Bongino, Facebook videos, "research", the list goes on, to stop when I was around. He knows hearing that shit triggers me and upsets me yet he still chooses to watch things when I am in earshot and he completely disregards how I feel about it. I have been living with my parents for the last two years since graduating college.
The past two weeks, the convoy has taken over downtown Ottawa and my dad is obsessed at this point as they are finally getting these people out of the city. He, of course, is pulling the "police brutality" card even though everyone was given fair warning days in advance that if they don't leave Ottawa then they risk being arrested. I digress.
Fast forward to yesterday. My brother and his girlfriend were coming over for brunch at my parents place and it was shaping up to be a nice afternoon. My dad was making brunch and my mom and my brother's girlfriend went to the store. I was sitting in the living room knitting and my dad sat in the kitchen. He proceeded to play a video of someone saying how masks don't work and how Ryerson University did some study on it blah blah blah. I asked him politely if he could watch the video in another room. He told me that it is his house and he can watch whatever he wants, wherever he wants. This spun into a big yelling match and then my mom got home. We calmed down and tried to move on but I was so mad and exhausted from arguing that I told my mom that I just wanted to be alone and was no longer hungry. My mom asked me if she could do anything to help and I said we could talk in another room. We went upstairs to talk and this is when she suggested that she was thinking about separating from my dad.
The way she spoke about it was so calm. I could tell she had been thinking about it for a while. She didn't cry or look upset. She spoke about her hardships in her life and tried to relate to me by speaking about her troubled relationship with her father. She told me that the man she married is a different man then the one she is married to. For the first time, she was telling me the truth. I felt as though she never wanted to say anything against my dad because she wanted to protect their marriage but now all her cards were on their table and I didn't have to feel crazy anymore for feeling so angry and sad all the time. I went to work after that.
This morning was weird. I barely spoke to my dad although he was around the house. My mom and I went to run errands together for most of the day and we spoke a lot more about everything. She told me how unhappy she had been and how she can no longer relate to my dad at all. She said that they have almost nothing in common anymore and that most of the time, benign topics end up in an argument. She spoke about her plan to sell the house, get a condo and live on her own. We discussed logistics of who would get what between them in the separation. She told me that she would talk to him about it at dinner while I was working tonight. At 9:30, I texted my mom from work to ask her how the conversation went and she told me that it wasn't good and that he left to stay with my aunt.
At this point, I know I need to speak with my mom tomorrow but I don't know how I feel about it yet. I am a very emotional and sensitive person yet I haven't cried about it at all. I was able to go to work today and not think about it much. I don't know whether I'm relieved, sad, scared, angry. I'm happy for my mom but I am definitely worried that this will send my dad over the edge. I'm scared that he'll completely fall off the deep end of QAnon if he has complete access to it and no pushback from anyone. I guess I'll have to wait and see what happens.

The day that I've been dreading is coming. My (21F) QDad is going to his first antivax rally with my aunt and her friends. He just told me that he's going on Saturday to a big antivax rally being held in my city. There will be probably around 5-10 thousand anti-vaxxers there and I'm fucking pissed and terrified at the same time. I live with my parents and if you have read my last posts regarding my QDad, you will know that it's been really hard. My mom doesn't agree with any of his radical beliefs but she doesn't outwardly disagree like I do and she does nothing to stop him from spiraling even more. He watches Fox all day, every day and does his "research". He is unemployed, his whole life revolves around the so-called "truth". I work a full time job and if he goes to do this thing, you bet I'm not going to be able to go to work without a negative test because I, like the decent person I am, do not want to infect my coworkers and all the residents in the building I work in. It's so fucking exhausting having to feel like I need to constantly be on the lookout for the next crazy and dangerous thing my dad is going to do. I hate how he makes me feel like I'm the one who won't listen to him and I'm the one who doesn't see what's "really going on". It's so infuriating because of how twisted that is. It's so completely the opposite that it actually makes me feel crazy. It's not fair that I can't live my life without the QCloud floating over my head all the time.

I know I will never be the person I was. All I feel is darkness. I already have depression/anxiety to begin with, since I was 11. But I feel now like this is my permanent state. I’m seeing a therapist. She says I am going through the stages of mourning - sadness, guilt, anger, denial etc. I have nightmares every night of being in a car and dropping my Qdad off at the side of the road and abandoning him and waking up crying cause I will never see him again. My future has been changed and not for the better.

Long time caller. sorry.
Perhaps just a note to piece together my thinking. feel free to comment but I guess I'm getting frustrated that my idea that as restrictions lifted and life got back to normal then my partner might ease themselves out of this. I guess I'm starting to feel that might be wrong.
I can't help testing the waters every now and then but the mention of something about COVID has them ranting about how persecuted they are and how everyone thinks that they are stupid or deluded but that they see the light and know what is happening and how they are ( in their work) dealing with all these sudden deaths and babies dying etc.
It's true.. they are dealing with people's Trauma in their work and some of that is people blaming COVID but then they also read every sudden death in the media as because of the vaccine ( I guess their social media tells them that .. or they fill in the blanks.) 
They are developing some other interests and activities (but those are also heavily involving social media and few other real people in person.) I don't know how to change that as they seem even more introverted and unwilling to socialize.
My wonder is whether they will perhaps never change. I fear that eventually they will get COVID .. I don't know how they would interpret the experience and I feel guilty for wanting to get on and re-engage with society and the outside world whenever that involves us being in a crowd. They interpret it as me being fearful of the crowd but actually I'm fearful of them in the crowd.. not myself.
When they rant they describe all my friends and family like me as evil, stupid, acuse them of abuse of children and pick things out to turn them into the most evil people alive. But now afterwards they become guilty I think for how they treat me and what they have said .. ( in between they also said my family are beautiful people) so it all feels like randomness dredged up.
I try to listen to their fear and anger and let them vent and try to see if they will explore their feelings. They say that I must be wrong because I lack the fire and conviction that they have that they are right and don't challenge them and tell them ( I feel past that.. it didn't work) maybe they are angry that I am moving on and getting back to enjoying other parts of my life that they don't seem able to.
I just wonder how long this will all take. will their refusal to be vaccinated end in tragedy .. or further denial. Can I put up with the isolation I feel or negotiate around it to keep it bearable. .. catching up with friends and doing social activities that I enjoy.
Their conviction and beliefs seem still so strong but are increasingly challenged by the failure of the expected power shutdowns. increased restrictions that haven't eventuated. Will they double down by finding every sudden death to prove everyone is dying and will be depopulated in five years or whatever.
The sad part is that there are parts of our relationship that are better than ever.. the stress and possibility of it breaking has led them to deal with issues that made it quite hard in the past. Something they explicitly admitted.
I see them as fundamentally a good and lovely person trapped in a horrific experience they can't and at the moment don't want to get out of.. but I can't help.looking at what they went through .. their experiences and thinking well I understand how they ended up there.
Life goes one. is faith and belief and hope that it will be alright in the end enough?

Hi everyone. I met my girlfriend a while ago on a dating app where she was asking for someone to pretend to take her on a few dates so she could get vaccinated without her parents knowing. Long story short we did end up actually dating! I thought her parents were just “regular” anti vaxx folks but it turned out they’re actually full on qanoon believers.
We moved in with each other recently (I know, but lesbian uhauling + due to some personal reasons it’d be difficult for her to find a random roommate) and I’m really starting to see how her parents beliefs, specifically her mothers, have taken a toll on her mentally and emotionally. She was close with her mom, they have matching tattoos. Now though, qanon stuff is all her mom talks about and it's gotten to the point where they haven’t spoken in a few weeks. My girlfriend does have a therapist but I can see this is making her depressed. She told me that it feels like she's lost her mother entirely.
How do I help her? I love her and want to be there for her but I have no experience in this area and never know what to say. I thought people on this subreddit might know what to do. Thank you ahead of time

My sister and parents used to be about the COVID conspiracies and that’s it. Now they’re on about this new world order, brain implants, mind control and Rumpelstiltskin and I have lost them completely. Luckily They know I don’t want to talk about these things (though they don’t understand) and they hold back. That causes a distance that never used to be there and I am scared for their sanity. Especially my mother who never used to talk about politics or conspiracies AT ALL. She’s now full of them. Which causes awkward silences because I refuse to engage and she keeps telling me she’s sorry for me that I don’t see the truth. Something like that. I hate it.
There are too many reactions to respond to everyone individually, so I’ll just say it here. Thank you. It helps to know that I’m not alone in this, which is how I found this sub in the first place. I am not trying to make them ‘see the light’, I don’t want to engage with them on their views in any way. Sometimes I feel like I have to and I just end up saying the complete opposite to what they’re saying even if I don’t believe that myself. Just to make them shut up. Which usually works, but is not how I want to communicate with them.

First time posting - I’m so happy to finally find people who can relate. The past few years have felt incredibly isolating and lonely.

My (31F) parents (68M & 66F) and older sister (38F) have become consumed by conspiracy theories and have become increasingly more destructive in the past year. They live in a different state and I live in Florida with my husband and our baby.

Some background - I grew up in the Deep South and subscribed to conservative ideology and was a registered Republican until I was 22; Sandy Hook was my “awakening moment” and I’ve been a registered democrat ever since. My family still consider themselves conservative, including my large extended family of 40 first cousins. Up until the pandemic, we’ve been able to avoid any large political arguments.

Unfortunately, the past few months have shown me that the family I once knew is gone and the likelihood of these relationships returning is extremely low, if not completely non-existent. Disney has been my employer since I was 21 and I’m sure as y’all are aware, extremists have now directed all their latest campaigns towards Disney. It’s virtually impossible for to have a conversation with my parents or sister without these conspiracies being brought up. The day after the Oscars, my mother asked to FaceTime to see the baby. I made a comment about the Oscars slap, which then immediately opened the floodgates of her explaining that it was some type of secret signal. I asked her to please stop talking to me about this because it’s exhausting and she agreed. I thought we had reached a truce until a few days later when we FaceTimed again. I mentioned Titanic as the 110th anniversary is coming up, thinking we would just talk about Leonardo DiCaprio and Billy Zane and reminisce about her taking me to see the movie when I was 7. Apparently I was naive because she began going off about some Q conspiracy about the sinking being done on purpose to kill John Jacob Aster; she then went on to make herself angry about this fake scenario where the sinking happened in 2022 and instead of the officers allowing women and children to board first, they were only loading liberals and members of the LGBTQ community. I’m literally at a loss for words for how idiotic it was. I hung up angry and defeated - it became very obvious at this point that they are physically incapable of talking about anything else. My dad then sent me an absurd amount of texts with articles about this conspiracy as well as memes of Billy Zane’s “I have a child” scene except in this case Billy Zane was saying things like “I’m trans, I’m liberal, vaccinated, etc.” This royally pissed me off considering real people died, including children.

Just today, I woke up to 5 texts from my dad with articles about this supposed pedophile ring located under Magic Kingdom and how the fire department located on Disney property is actually part of some weird operation to kidnap children. None of this is based in reality; the only thing located under Magic Kingdom is garbage and a Subway. It doesn’t matter how many times I tell them they are wrong and that I’ve been under Magic Kingdom multiple times, they tell me I’m naive and I don’t know what I’m talking about.

I’ve reached the point where I no longer want them in my life but I’m not sure what to do. This feud has bled out into other areas with them attempting to weaponize my baby against me, saying things like I’m an unfit mother and that I clearly don’t know what I’m doing. My husband and I just bought our first home, a new build, and I wasn’t able to share any of this excitement with them because I knew it would be used against me in the future. There is some enmeshment and I’m trying to navigate how to go about all of this. We’re currently all on the same phone plan as it was cheaper this way; I’m going to look into getting my own with my husband and trying to find a way to keep the same number (I’ve had it since I was 14 lol). Their only contact with me at this point is rage farming.

Anyway, I know this was long but it feels good to finally get it all out to people who understand. My husband tries his best but he’s never experienced this and doesn’t understand how devastating it came be. I’m too embarrassed to talk to my friends about this since they know my family as well. I’ve talked to my therapist a lot but other than that, I’ve felt totally alone.

17M here, back again, unfortunately. I cannot make the post too long since now my door HAS to be open 100% of the time when my mother is awake, otherwise I am going to get metaphorically burned. To save my own skin I must write quickly and compactly. I also may not finish it in one sitting since I constantly have to close my tabs, look over my shoulder in fear, and wait and prepare for maybe yet another hour-long lecture of insanity and idiocy. This will probably be done a day or two later from when it happened. Maybe I will just wake up early and write while they are asleep.

Anyway, to reiterate my situation, my parents are Q-adjacent (which comes with an ENTIRE LIST of problems) but the worst problems are that they are hardcore antivaccine and very controlling. I have not been able to get the vaccine and will not until I am well past 18 (18 will make me "free," but I will also need to graduate high school and earn my driver's license before I am truly "free" to go where I need to. Unfortunately, that is an extra two months after I turn 18). I am actually starting to get really worried that I might be susceptible to the virus if I get my vaccine too late. I am really lucky to have not gotten the virus these past two years.

My plan is to go to the local community college that I have always wanted to go to, and hopefully get into the wrestling team (parents put me in online school and I was taken out of wrestling, so all I want to do is get back). The college actually accepted my religious exemption to "avoid getting the vaccine" (even though I will get it in secret) so my parents will let me go. I will be "testing weekly" to maintain the exemption. (Side note*, it is really fucking disappointing that a real college is allowing such bullshit exemptions, but it works for me and is currently in my favor so I will not complain). Depending on how things go, I might actually stay for wrestling and also finish my Associate's degree. If they go sideways, or if I have to do it immediately (which I may have to, as you might see from the rest of this post), college will give me an excuse to get out of the house for long periods of time (I will also have other excuse ideas) and I will use those to enlist in the military and get out of here.

Things were already getting really bad. However, I just had the second-most TERRIFYING day of my life today (yesterday actually, at the time of finishing this post. Also, funny enough, the first-most terrifying day of my life was quite similar to this, but that is another story). It was my father's birthday on the 1st, and the day I am talking about is the 2nd. It started when my mother left for errands (I have my driver's permit so now I have to tag along and be the driver for every time my mother goes for errands. I have been starting to notice that her needing me to be a part of all her outings is a part of her controlling behavior). As soon as we were about to leave, my mother said "did you say happy birthday to dad?" In my head I was like (What? I did that yesterday). So I told her that and said "besides, I thought he might be napping right now and I did not want to bother him." She then gave me the most poisonous look and forced me to go over and say happy birthday to my father. Then, as we were finally leaving, my mother quoted fucking Hamlet and said "there is something rotten in the state of Denmark."

I truly do not use a SINGLE profanity in my real-life vernacular, but holy fucking shit, what transpired after that was the most terrifying drive I have ever drove. As we were going to our first location for errands, she went off on the most paranoid and scary rant ever. None of you here would ever truly grasp what any of it meant or how metaphorically pants-fucking-shittingly petrifying it was unless I were to take at least two hours (probably more like five) to explain my life, extended family, and current circumstances. To sum it up, my mother is really fucking EXTREMELY paranoid about "outside forces" influencing our family. Part of her rant was also about my dad's job (which he is about to lose soon), but I will expand more on that later. Me not saying happy birthday (even though I did on his birthday) triggered the fucking Mount Everest of paranoia that my mother has been building up recently. Apparently EVERY-FUCKING-BODY is out to get us. To her, our neighbors are enemies, my father's boss is an enemy, my father's extended family is out to "interfere" with our lives, kill my father, ruin my life, and not acknowledge that "she exists" and a bunch of other stupid bullshit that does not matter and is not real (despite any of their shitbaggery that might be real, which yes, most of them are shit-bags, but that is also its own story), my old martial arts instructors from years ago are "listening to us through our cellphones" and are out to get us, old coaches of mine are out to "get me into the military," the government is listening to us, sometimes she thinks my own father is out to get us, sometimes she thinks that is not the case, sometimes she thinks her own sister is out to get us, sometimes she thinks that is not the case, and fuck, I might just be forgetting who else is out to get us because there are SO MANY to her.

IMPORTANT EDIT: I almost ran a person over while she was talking because fuck man it is almost impossible to drive on-point all the while you are having the second most intense and terrifying lecture/grilling session of your life. Fuck man.

And now, her paranoia is finally extending to me. The one she wants to control, manipulate, and "protect," me, is now a potential enemy and "under investigation," just like my father should "always" be "under investigation" to her. Because I did not say happy birthday when I was supposed to (which is really only a straw that broke the camel's back, not the sole reason), my mother thinks I do not want our family integrity to be strong, and that "others" are telling me what to say and what to do, and that these "others" want to break our family and take me away. I completely ceased using my phone long ago and deleted a shit ton of stuff from it, including all my friends' old contacts, because my mother occasionally goes through it and will kill me if she found out I actually did talk to friends and strangers via services like Instagram or Reddit. However, it is my right to do that as a human, and I am not being influenced by anybody. Luckily, me using stuff on my laptop is hiding right under her nose, and all my account passwords are in a place she cannot physically reach, so as long as I purge my tabs and history every time I am done, and avoid her walking in on me and catching me, I will be untraceable.

She also fears that when I go to college I will be in the best environment to be "influenced" by others, which includes, but is not limited to, my uncles, other kids my age, military recruiters, professors, and people who "hate our family." First of all, fuck you, I can talk to whoever I want, and second of all, I am not being influenced by anybody. (Side note*, really fucking fuming writing this post, just wanted to vent that I have not had a real, human conversation with a physical human that is not my mother or father in the past two years. I am an ambivert so I can take anything, people or no people, but fuck man, having the choice is nice). To ensure I will not be influenced, my mother said that she wants to "keep an eye on me," and that means she will probably try her hardest to get an on-campus job to LITERALLY DO THAT. I have experienced this before a few times, and FUCK man, you have no idea how hard it is to go about your day looking over your shoulder, not knowing if your mother is going to pop out at you from somewhere right next to you (which, like a God damn ninja, she somehow does). Literally every single thing I do every place she will see, because fuck me, right? I have shit luck, have always had shit luck, and I know she will catch me doing something that angers her no matter how covert I try to be. She will also probably be very reluctant to let me drive her car on my own, which means she probably will be my passenger wherever I go for at least six months after I earn my driver's license. Hell, maybe it will be forever, in which case, fuck that.

Another side note*, because of that, I have no idea how to get the vaccine in secret. Even if I do, I have lost all my lie abilities from using them so much (they went away about a couple years ago) and now I am a shit liar. I can look a motherfucker straight in their fucking eyes without twitching and tell the biggest or the smallest lie ever, but making shit up on the spot and stringing words together to avoid stuttering is extremely difficult for me now. My heart also races at like 100-120 BPM when I lie. I am also a "forgetful liar," and will probably miss a few details here or there that will make my stories smell like bullshit to her. I have no idea how I will LIE MY TEETH OFF every WEEK about covid testing to maintain my exemption. I might just tell them the truth, be done with it, and let whatever the fuck that is going to happen, happen.

I could go on for hours about my mother, but let us get back to my father. He is a government worker and works in education. Basically, he clears substitutes and teachers as good-to-go for teaching. He has worked for long enough to be getting a pension since he is a government worker. Because of the vaccine mandate, and frankly because my father is a dumbshit and refuses to get the "jab" (I love my parents but I am DONE sugarcoating what they are) he could no longer go to the building for work, and instead works online. However, now that everybody has to come back to the building no matter what, he will be forced to retire early. He did receive a religious exemption (which are fucking bullshit, but still, they go in my favor, so no complaints there) which extended him to July to work online and retire when he wants to. He makes enough money for us to live comfortably. The July pension locks in a raise and is still smaller than his salary but is good enough. However, even though the exemption is being honored, the extension is now month-by-month instead of guaranteed until July. I do not understand all the details, but he needs to retire by June or July for a good pension. Due to the mandate stuff though, he will probably be forced to retire in probably like a fucking week or two or some bullshit, and he will get a shit pension (meaning I will have to get a job and we will have to budget really hard). Side note* how the FUCK can someone be so OLD and EDUCATED and yet so STUPID?

I forgot to mention as well that in the event my father retires early, my parents might go full crazy and finally follow though with their plans to move to Texas. No college for me, fuck the nice place we are at, and we have to waltz over to Texas where hopefully there are "more good people like us" which is code for idiots, antivaxxers, and racists. Fuck all that. If shit goes real bad I will go with my runaway plan and enlist in the military immediately. I do not hate Texas or Texans but I hate the type of people they want to look for and I hate their idea of Texas.

The emotional pain from all this is so fucking much that I literally have insomnia now and have constant stress headaches, like fuck I cannot do shit today because it makes my forehead want to explode type shit. I am so fucking angry with no way to get it out. I cannot scream, I cannot hit a punching bag, all I can do is lift weights or run like a fucking animal to get it out. My sleep schedule is on fucking point and yet I am stuck in bed in the dark for fucking hours at a time, literally unable to sleep, and all I can do is writhe in pain and cry because I start to think too much about my past and future. This insomnia shit has never happened before (although the crying is normal). On the surface I look calm, I smile when I need to smile to hide everything, and I always say I am fine. No one will ever know, but the anger is still inside.

I think I have said most of what I wanted to say. This is all the recent shit that happened. I think I know what I need to do. I have plans and contingencies to respond to whatever the fuck happens. Putting up the belt or sitting under a fucking train at night looks really appealing (which I can fucking do with no hesitation if I wanted to since I live right next to one), however I have an overwhelming fuck-you type pure-anger middle-fingers-blazing desire to be successful no matter what happens or what I do, so fuck that. The anger always wins and always gets me to fucking move like a soldier and fucking get after it.

Thank you to anyone who read this shit. Any advice is appreciated, and thank you in advance for that.

I have previously worked as a volunteer in multiple projects related to content filtering, this was done to block malicious content and prevent data leaks.

I have been trying to figure out how, and there is multiple ways to do this, and don’t require to start from scratch since tweaking existing tools could do the work, but would this be worth the effort? I’m not trying to make any money from this, because I am also someone who has lost friends to Qanon, which is what has pushed me to find ways to do this.

I have also found some existing way this can help block some on TV and YouTube.

When it comes to blocking this content, there is ways do this, the roadblock is that to do this blocking, it needs to be done on a device or service, being a computer, phone/tablet, router, network, TVs or Cable/Satellite boxes. I take care of older relatives networks and devices, so I am able to block this malicious content on their devices, but I think this roadblock might make it difficult for most people to help.

Maybe this is not the right way to do this, but worth asking groups like this and see.

It's (29F) is my first post on Reddit, so please excuse my mistakes & let me know how to improve my post !

The situation : For some time now my friend (27M) has started to talk more and more about conspiracy theories (the earth is flat, pizzagate, anti-vaccine, etc.) At the beginning, it was sometimes comical and I understand that we can have doubts about certain events like corruption. But I have the impression that it is escalating in the stories he told me. He is not Q strictly speaking but the stories he have been telling me are very similar.

And this is one of our main sources of arguments & I end ed up being mad or cry (especially when he start about antisemitic or war matter )

I have try different strategies (tell him to do experiments or challenging the source & context outside of the videos & Telegram groups, to visit place or museum, explain my POV with personal situation,telling him that I'm worried for him & told him about this reddit)

But he told me it's his intuition and his feelings that guide him especially when we look some theory in details together & it don't get in his direction. He always ends up telling me that he hopes one day we will know the truth but he has the feeling it's true no matter what proofs I can tell him.

I'm starting to get confused because he's starting to question & justify the second world war with a world Jewish plot, linked to some pedophilic democrat secret governmental circle. Even if we are from Europe, and not the USA. It's always the same scenario in a loop. After that what is it going to be? I'm not sure what to do as he refuses my arguments or references. Because apparently, we have been brainwashed since birth. Plus his mom who is adorable is also into it & he is very close to her. They both find themselves in this world in this trouble time we are all living in.

I will be very grateful if you have any suggestions or advices.I'd love to hear it because I'm starting to lose my temper when we argue even if I love him deeply & I don't want to lose him.

Sorry for the long text & thank you for those who have read to the end !

Need to rant. So. Badly.

My town has just gone through two absolutely catastrophic floods in a month. The first one was 14.4 metres, people died, thousands of houses are condemned and the entire town centre is destroyed. Secod flood was 11.5 metres. More rain predicted. Shit is bad.

So my mums childhood best friend wants to visit and help us out, I’m reluctant because I literally had to evacuate my home for the second time in a month two days prior but she’s being really pushy and I think it could be good for my mother, it’s just a few nights no big deal.

Wrong. So. Wrong. WRONG. Slowly the conspiracy theories come out, within an hour she told me the booster shot is infecting people with aids, on night two she got drunk and spent HOURS telling us how it’s chemtrails and cloud seeding and geo engineering flooding our town and she slowly became more and more unhinged to the point that I was just shaking and praying the rant would end. I literally almost died a month ago but THIS is more traumatic. At this point I slowly started to realise the reason she came is to make trauma porn for her weird fucking facebook friends about this poor cloud seeded town the government is intentionally flooding. So many facebook posts about MY town with comments telling her how great of a person she is for coming here and how sad it is that the government flooded our town to bring about the great reset or make a smart city or a railway or some shit.

I literally cannot imagine forcing your way into someones home after they’ve just been through unimaginable trauma and forcing them to listen to hours of you ranting about complete bullshit. I need rest, I do not need you to tell me to do my own research. I’m more concerned with the fact that my ground floor house just flooded up to the ceiling and my town is fucking decimated and that the sound of my neighbours screaming for help and begging for their lives at 3am is burned into my brain. I am beyond broken, I feel like this has pushed me over the edge.

Hi guys,

it's getting worse, like I suspected. For context, I have a post on my profile that goes into detail about my situation. But in short I am a (27F) third year criminology and psychology student from the UK and have a father (64) who is completely caught up in covid conspiracies. Most of my criminology studies at uni have been spent criticising/challenging the state which is why I need to do this for my dad, he believes he's doing something good and "resisting" the state but this is not it. In the past we were extremely close, now I can see how he's changing. He doesn't want to spend time with me and is just overall no fun to be around. It's sometimes like they've drained him of any personality. I need to do something before he becomes completely intolerable and I have to cut him off.

So I have tried just ignoring the issue and deflecting from conversations but it's not working for me. I HAVE to be the voice of reason, no one else in my family are bothering. They are not questioning it and just letting him do his thing which is the main issue.

I know it's going to be hard to change his mind but I have to at least try and hopefully it works even a little bit. Yesterday I sent him the first of what will be many emails, which consisted of strictly 'I' language, showing how I use critical thinking, reading etc. to evaluate claims and evidence. I used this to discuss why I personally don't like a conspiracy website he sent for me to look at. He said he will read today but also attached a video of a conference and some blog post from Robert Malone saying he's "brilliant and very evidence based".

This is where you guys come in. I just need info on this Malone guy, I will be doing my own research where I can but I was wondering what you know about him. What have been some of the things your Qs have said about him? What have you found out that you think could be useful for me? Anything will help. I vaguely know the basics like he calls himself the inventor of mRNA and he's banned on twitter lol.

Disclaimer: regarding the email and my "approach", I am not recommending people do this with their Qs, my approach is relevant to my own experiences, environment, family dynamic etc. I just wanted to offer some context. I am also not trying to hate on anybody and I am not welcoming hate or insults.

26 Male. First time poster, living in New Zealand. My mother's been battling mental illness for the last 15-20 years. (Depression, Anxiety, Addiction possible Bipolar). She's always had what I've viewed as "odd" beliefs, at least for me but nothing that I've viewed as particularly worrying. Mainly just a few spiritualist beliefs, rebirth, that sort of shit - which in itself I've never found incredibly worrying. I don't understand it, but it's not really harming people. She and my Dad split when I was 17, almost ten years ago. They don't have contact. She's fully vaccinated but I don't think she wouldn't have gotten it without my pressure, when it was originally announced she started spouting some worrying stuff, which has been playing through the back of my head over the last year. She's had a friend that's also vaccinated but she's said some stuff that's very Q-Aligned.

Background done. 5 weeks ago, I stopped talking to her because of the addiction. I asked if I could make her dinner last week. We ended up chatting about our lives for a few hours and I was incredibly worried. I'd coincidently just watched a few Q-Anon documentaries from Australia a few days previously. She was spouting dangerous stuff about how she was so worried about the agenda around vaccines, the leftist elites, and how dangerous they are and just spouting general propaganda about our prime minister's connections with Pfizer and how she's getting paid trillions to forcefully inject our children.

I've never been that worried about Q, but over the last two years, it feels like it's infected my country badly. I don't know what to do? I don't know what to do. Could use some information/support from other people that have been in the same situation.

Cheers.

I had a pretty hard conversation last night with my mother about our Q family members. I've long suspected she believes in at least some of it over the last few years and decided it was time to say something. Needless to say, it turned a bit explosive and emotional through parts of the conversation.

I straight up told her that her sister and multiple other family members are involved in a cult. She didn't believe me of course which makes me suspect she's more into it than she let's on (which I told her directly). I told her I'm very concerned about their mental state. I brought up that they have been talking similarly to my dad whom has been Schizophrenic my whole life.

She kept deflecting the conversation with BLM, Antifa, and anyrhing other than the topic at hand. I called her out on it multiple times. I'm at the point where enough I'vr enough. I'm tired of watching my family members spiral into serious mental illness. My mom thinks I'm blowing things put of proportion and is in denial completely.

I'm not proud of it but I found myself yelling at one point for her to listen to me instead of dismiss what I'm saying or deflecting the conversation.

The last bit of our conversation we got on the topic of her mother that passed away last year. I got into the topic of how her mother was very much into it too and it affected my ability to have a relationship with her when she died.

My mom got upset though because she felt I was speaking ill about my grandmother and she's not alive to defend herself. It got turned around into being my fault somehow which really upset me.

Before my grandmother passed she was sending me non-stop messages with right wing propaganda and a bunch of crazy conspiracy stuff. I asked nicely for her to stop sending that stuff to me but she continued to. To this day her messages are in my spam folder on Facebook messenger because I got fed up with it.

I had a bit of a breakdown last night because I started looking through the message thread for the first time since before she passed away. It was like I lost her mentally years before she died.

It feels like I've lost so many people to mental illness.

Hello, I made another post a couple of months ago, and I’m back again. I wanted to thank this community for being so supportive and understanding. It’s good to know I have somewhere to vent about this problem and that I’m not going crazy.

I guess I’m writing to post mostly to vent. Over the past 2 years or so since the beginning of Covid, me and my Qparent have been fighting and auguring on and off every couple of weeks. I’m just so tired. My Q and I have very different views on this serious issue that is Covid. We had a big fight today because I didn’t want to sit with her and discuss her “research” and watch videos about how the Covid vaccine will harm you. Theses things and much more leads to crying/fighting/name-calling. I’m exhausted from it all. It’s all she ever speaks about, or she tries to change the subject how the Covid vaccine will kill everyone along with the expected Q conspiracies she believes in. I told her no and that started a fight. Fast forward later tonight she found out I got my shot months ago. She told me I am a liar and sneaky for going behind her back. I just wanted to protect myself from Covid and my family members so I don’t tell her. She also told me she would kick me out if I got my shot. She says she will no longer be speaking to me until she moves. ( For context, she is moving states away and is upset I am not coming with her. This is because I am in school transferring to nursing school next fall and I don’t want to waste all those credits and money if they don’t transfer to a different state. Plus I have my boyfriend here who goes to the same school as me and I not ready to move yet. I am also going to be staying with my dad so that makes her more upset.) I feel so drained and empty. She says I have ruined our relationship. Im just so tired. I am so exhausted by all of this, I feel like I have lost a parent, I feel like this is my fault some how. Thank you for reading and my heart goes out to everyone in this community. I hope one day everything will get better.

I apologize for not responding, but I wanted to say thank you all for the support and advice. This is a difficult time but having some support about dealing with this helps alot. Also thank you kind stranger for the award, I appreciate it greatly.

I haven’t posted in a while, but have been reading a lot of the posts here. It’s made me reflect on my relationship with my QDad. I’m still very much disappointed & angry. Writing about it has always been helpful.

I had my baby in October. He never reached out to me. My husband (with my permission) let him know we had our baby when we did. At my request, I said not to include a photo. I didn’t feel like he deserved it. Why should he get to see her when he hasn’t even reached out to me for a majority of my pregnancy? Last I heard from him he cussed me out on Mother’s Day about vaccines among other things.

A month or so after she was born I finally get a text. I saw his name pop up on my Apple Watch & I instantly started crying. Luckily I was with family at the time. My Aunt (his sister) helped me calm down. She read it first. Told me that she didn’t think I should read it & held on to my phone until I calmed down.

Here’s what he said: “ Over a month since my first grandchild has been born and I still haven’t received as much as a picture….

Since you attended Thanksgiving dinners with her and your clearly healthy enough so that I’m no longer jeopardizing your health anymore is there a reason that I don’t even deserve a picture after everything I’ve given and done for you in this life???

Not gonna lie, I’m heartbroken that you can’t even see that after knowing how bad I wanted grandkids…

I’ve apologized to you countless times for my chaos earlier in life, yet it never seems to be enough….

Not even a fucking picture….guess I really know where I stand…”

I didn’t respond right away. I wanted to, but didn’t. I slept on it & responded.

“ It’s been over 6 months since you cussed me out on Mothers Day without so much as an apology. I still text you on your birthday & Father’s Day. I went through my pregnancy without my Father checking in on me to see how I’m doing. I gave birth without my Father reaching out to me. I don’t think you know how much that hurts me. You made it very clear that you didn’t want to have anything to do with me. As much as it hurt me, I left you alone. I told you my expectations & boundaries needed to have a relationship with you. If you want a picture of my daughter, you need to talk to me like an adult & not a child. Your manipulation tactics don’t work anymore. You knew what you were doing when you pushed me away. I am 33 years old. I am your equal & deserve to be treated like it. You told me not to talk to you until I can respect you. How can I respect someone who doesn’t respect me? If you’d like to talk to me without losing your temper & calling me names, I’m ready. I’ve been heartbroken for a long time about our relationship. I’ve cried over it. I’ve gone to therapy for it. I’ve written you multiple letters & never sent them because I know how you react. I hope you can prove me wrong.”

A little more back & forth where he tried to manipulate me & guilt me. It worked to an extent. I sent him 1 photo. He told me she was beautiful. & I told him to let me be the parent I want to be. To leave his opinions to himself unless I ask for them. He eventually called me. He said something along the lines of “Now that we’re on speaking terms, I expect more photos of my grand baby.” To which I said “If we’re on speaking terms, perhaps we should actually talk to each other.” We talked for a little bit. He started to derail into Qshit & I politely said “I don’t think now is the time to talk about that.” I could tell he was annoyed & angry. I could hear him take a deep breath & say “okay. I’ll let you go then.” It was the calmest I’d ever experienced him reacting to me shutting it down. I was content with how it ended.

*A little extra background, I’m an only child. My Dad has been married 4 times. I’ve had multiple step siblings throughout my life. I am the only product of my parents.

We exchanged a few light hearted texts from then about things that weren’t triggering. I tried to keep the line of communication open. I’ve always felt empathy for him. All his best friends have passed. The friends he thought he had were never really his friends at all. After he retired he left the state he once called home. He became an “internet warrior” (that’s what he called himself) spreading Qcrap. He still kept in contact with some old acquaintances. But I don’t really think he has any close friends. He has told me once before that if this marriage (his 4th) didn’t work out, that he would head to the mountains & no one would find him. It was this conversation that it finally clicked for me that he was mentally unwell. That’s another story for another day.

I wanted to be the “bigger person” in the situation. When Christmas came, I decided to FaceTime him with my baby. I was hoping it would make him happy. It did. For a little. It didn’t take long for him to start complaining about how no one in the family reached out to him anymore & he doesn’t know what’s going on. I said the phone works both ways. He brushed it off. I kept the conversation light & wished him a Merry Christmas. That was the last time we actually talked. The last time I heard his voice.

I text him again in early January to let him know I got a new job offer with my old company. He was happy for me & the text exchange was mostly pleasant. I could tell he wanted to keep going & I could see it derailing had we kept going. Thank god for text reactions. I simply gave his comment a thumbs up & that was it. It’s been crickets ever since.

My husband & I caught Covid late January. Luckily our baby never did. We did everything we could think to do to keep her safe. We masked around her constantly. Avoided certain types of play. Needless to say, she spent a lot of time in her swing. I was vaccinated while pregnant with her. I read a medical journal from Canada somewhere that babies born from mother who had both doses of the vaccine still had antibodies up til 6 months. I truly believe that by getting vaccinated while pregnant helped her avoid getting it. I could never tell my Dad that though. I’m almost positive that if he knew I had gotten the vaccine, he would “disown” me or something along those lines. He’s told me in the past that getting the vaccine caused miscarriages. He literally told me “if you got the vaccine you’re baby wouldn’t be here. Look it up.” I wanted to badly to say I had it. Instead I said “well she’s here.” I guess that was my low key way of trying to hint at it. I have a feeling eventually he’ll know. I didn’t even want to tell him we had Covid cause I knew he wouldn’t take it seriously. I could give 2 shits about myself. I was just worried about my baby. I don’t think he would have seen it that way. So why bother?

I guess that’s been my mentality lately, why bother? I have to mentally prepare myself to reach out to him. I have to pay attention to what’s going on in the world before I even think about reaching out. & the way the world has been lately, there hasn’t been a good break. I just know he’ll go off about something Qrelated, so why bother?

It breaks my heart that he’s not the involved grandparent I once dreamed of. I wouldn’t even trust him to be alone with my baby at this point in life. It’s sad. I was once a Daddy’s girl by all means. Now it kills me to see him this way. Q has taken the Dad I once knew & I don’t see any signs of getting him back. I’ve battled with completely cutting him off, but the empath in me can’t do it. I’ve had so many people, family especially (who know him) tell me I deserve(d) better. Why do I keep letting him back into my life? The answer isn’t cut & dry. I’m not saying it’ll never happen. Only time will tell. I just keeping holding on to hope that he’ll snap out of it. In the meantime, I need to live my life & be the parent I need to be to my baby now.

If you’ve read this far, thank you. This group has always been helpful. I’m appreciative of the people here & how we can all support each other. As sad as it is, I’m glad I’m not alone.

I haven't really heard from my Qdad in about two months. No super long texts about conspiracies, no emails with links to conspiracy videos. Nothing. And I am so relieved, it's like a weight has been lifted off with the lack of contact. It makes me incredibly sad. I shouldn't be happy to hear nothing from my dad. This shouldn't be how it is, but there is no way I'm breaking his silence, that would be poking the bear. I'm not necessarily worried that he's hurt or anything, because my siblings still in contact would have told me. Maybe he finally gave up on me?

Since 2020 my dad has fallen deeper and deeper into the rabbit hole. He’s an Air Force veteran of 21 years and now believes his entire career was a lie. Long story short, back in sept 2021 he snapped at my husband during dinner and stormed out of a restaurant because my husband said something to him in a “questioning” tone. I haven’t seen him since. He’s only text me back a handful of times, and when he does, it’s never to address the strain in our relationship…he only cares to spew more Q anon garbage to try and justify his actions and words. He eats, breathes and sleeps conspiracy now. It’s so painful to watch him spiral. My dad was a smart man. I believed every word out of his mouth when I was kid (not necessarily a good thing I know…) but my dad was my absolute hero and in my eyes, he could never do wrong. Now he seems like an absolute kook and disappointment to me.

My daughters 1st birthday is coming up in two weeks. I have felt so conflicted this past month deciding on wether I should even “invite him.” I know he won’t come. But I sent an invitation to his house anyway, because I know my stepmom and younger brother will.

I’m so heartbroken that Q has stolen my dad. Stolen his sanity, logic, critical thinking, dignity… I am so angry at his absence in my life, especially during the first year of my child’s life. I will never forgive him for it.

I'm really sorry you're going through this and I hope you can still somewhat enjoy your daughter's birthday without being distracted by all this, just remember it ain't your fault he's not there. If you don't invite him because you're afraid he'll be what he has become now, that's on him.

I'll never forgive my father for abandoning me mid depression 2 years ago and counting for his Q bullshit and antivax stance, the whole dumbass package, I don't feel like naming all the shit he's into now. I'll never forgive him for it even if he himself is a casualty of Qanon, I keep hearing. He's my fucking father and should know better.