We’ve been together for 6 months and my boyfriend is great in every other way but the same problem keeps popping up in our relationship…. Tinder. I’ve found out he was on Tinder multiple times and afterwards he apologizes and will delete the app from his phone but for some reason after a couple days he ends up redownloading the app again. He tells me he loves me and wants to be with me so this behavior is very confusing. Part of me thinks he just wants external validation that he’s wanted by other women besides me while another part wonders if he has a cheating fetish or something. I don’t know what to do in this situation anymore and I can’t understand why he can’t stop himself. Any insight on his behavior or advice would be welcome. We love each other and want to be together so I’m trying to figure out why he keeps doing this?
My wife (F27) and I (M26) have been married for over 7 years, but been together a total of 10 years. We were high school sweethearts. Our marriage has always been good. We have never once had to question one another's trust. My wife followed me while I was in the military. The whole time I was serving, she was going to college online.
Shortly after she completed her bachelors degree, we flew back home for a week of vacation and to see family.
While there, she found a job posting for her DREAM job. She showed it to me and we talked about it. I only had a few months left on my military enlistment and I planned on re-enlisting, but I told her she should go ahead and apply for it. Two days later she gets an interview.
Our visit back home ended and we were back at the base we were stationed at, and about a week after her interview she got a call with a job offer. I was hesitant about getting out of the military, but considered how she had followed me throughout the military and supported me.
I decided it was my turn to follow her and let her live her dream. She moved back home and started her job while I stayed where we were stationed at for my last three months before my enlistment ended. We bought a house down there, and when I moved back I found myself a job.
*Fast forward three years later*
My wife is still at her dream job, and absolutely thriving. She had already been promoted to a Senior position. I had just hit my two year mark at one of the best companies in town. She is making decent pay, and I am making really good pay. We are doing better then we ever could have imagined. Living an absolute dream.
That is, until this past weekend.
My wife had to go to work on Saturday, so I decided to go on a short trip to a town about 1 hour away to see some of my family while she is at work.
While I am out of town she calls me. She tells me that we need to separate for a while, she tells me that she is not doing good mentally (anxiety/depression) and she really needs to be away from me for a while to work on herself.
I am shocked.
We have never done anything like this, let alone ever even mention it. I try to talk to her, but she tells me that there is nothing I can do to change her mind. She wants me out of the house for 1 month, and if I don't do as she asks, she will contact an attorney. I know that there is no legal action that could be taken against me because the house is in both of our names, but I agree to leave.
She lets me come to the house while she isn't there to get some of my stuff. I find a place to stay for a while. I think to myself that there is no way she really wants me gone for a month and she will probably wake up tomorrow and feel better, and ask me to come home. I love my wife more then anything, and if she needs space from me to work on herself and her mental problems, I am going to do whatever she needs.
I wake up the next morning and have a Facebook message from a woman I don't know and it says "I am so sorry for what my husband did to ruin your marriage."
My heart literally sank.
I ask the woman what she is talking about. She asks me, "You didn't know that my husband and your wife have been seeing each other?". At this point I am absolutely overcome with dread. This is literally a nightmare. Surely not my wife... not in a million years.
I call my wife, and am surprised she answers. I tell her about the message from this woman and ask her what it's all about. She tells me that the man is someone she works with and that his wife is just crazy, and that none of what she says is true.
As the day progresses, I listen to what this lady has to say and am also talking to my wife on and off. Eventually my wife tells me that this man had recently confessed he had feelings for her, but she doesn't like him back. A few hours later my wife changes her story and admits that this man confessed his feelings to her, and that she feels the same towards him.
By this time I am feeling physically ill from the stress and emotional pain.
Now my wife tells me that she wants a divorce.
She claims that she is not having a relationship with this man, and that she wants a divorce because I "verbally and emotionally abuse her". I am just speechless. I have never once abused her in any way whatsoever. My wife stops talking to me for the rest of the day. I continue talking to this mans wife, getting the details of what has happened on her side.
She said that her husband and my wife both went into work that Saturday morning to plan how they were going to leave their spouses in order to be with one another. They left their office around noon, he went home and told his wife he wants a divorce. He told her that he had been talking to my wife, and that she would be leaving me as well. This is happening at the same time my wife had called me and demanded I get out of the house.
I call to confront my wife about this alleged plan. She gets angry and denies it. My wife and I are talking very little at this point and have not seen each other in person since she left for work that Saturday morning.
The next day is Monday. I get up, go to work, and talk to some of my coworkers about what's happening. One of my coworkers informs me that I can go to our online account for our cell phone plan and see logs of when and to who text messages were sent. I do that, and find almost 500 text messages sent between my wife and this man in the past 3 weeks alone. There is also over 400 minutes of phone conversation between the two of them in the last 3 days alone. I look through all of it. They had been texting each other every single day for the last three weeks. Almost every night they stayed up texting each other until two in the morning. While we are in bed together, I am asleep, and she is awake talking to this man. I cannot believe this, but my wife has been cheating on me.
She has to be cheating, there is no other explanation.
Two days later we speak again. I confront her in a very calm manner (I hadn't been angry or talked rude to her at all during this whole thing). I ask her, "Have you been cheating on me with this man for the last 3 weeks?". She says no. She says that they have feelings for one another, but are not in any kind of relationship, and claims she is only divorcing me due to the "mental/verbal abuse" she receives from me. I send her copies of all the text message logs; present the evidence to her. I tell her that she is lying, and that this is proof. She quickly turns angry and accuses me of being a liar and a cheater. I ask her what I am lying about and who am I cheating on her with? She doesn't answer either of the questions. Instead, she starts telling me that someone is feeding me lies and that she feels sorry for me because I think that she is in some sort of relationship with this man. I point out the text message logs and the fact that she told me herself that they have feelings for each other.
How could it be anything else?
How am I unreasonable for my suspicions?
Later that night, we end up talking to each other on the phone again. She says that she wants to talk to me, but she refuses to talk about what's going on between her and this other guy. I agree to not bring it up, so we spend an hour on the phone talking about everything else. Feelings, where we go from here, and why she feels that I emotionally/verbally abuse her. She brings up times that I have said mean things to her and done things just to mess with her head.
Example- one time, about a year ago, we were having a bad argument So I packed a bag to make it look like I was going to leave the house for the night. In reality, wasn't going to leave. I guess I did it to make her ask me to not leave, to express how upset I was, or just whatever. I have also said mean things to her in the past, such as telling her she is acting immature, she is embarrassing me, and that she needs to grow up.
I spent time reflecting on all of these events she has brought up. I realize that I didn't always treat her the best, granted that she also had her fair share of treating me bad as well. For some reason, all these times that I had fallen short of being a perfect husband got etched in her brain and really messed her up.
We eventually end our phone call to go to sleep. I am feeling a little better about everything, but I still need answers about what's happening between her and this other guy.
I wake up the next morning and decide to go online and check the text message logs. These logs update in real time, so its always showing the most recent calls/text. After viewing the most recent ones, I realize that while we were on the phone last night for an hour talking about everything, and kind of trying to fix things, she had been texting this man the whole time.
The entire time we were talking on the phone, she was messaging him at the same time.
I decide enough is enough. If we are getting a divorce, I deserve to know the truth. I call her and she answers. I tell her that I am really upset (embarrassed to say, but I am crying. I've cried a lot the past few days).
First, I tell her that I know they were texting each other last night while her and I were on the phone. She doesn't deny it. She explains that they were both watching a football or basketball game, and were texting each other to talk about the game.
I cannot believe this.
After all these years, she is more concerned about talking to this man about a ball game then speaking with me about our marriage? I am absolutely devastated.
I explain to her that I need to know the truth. She finally agrees to tell me. She admits that they have been developing this relationship over the last month. They work together, and they talk a lot. She goes to him at work and cries in his office if she is feeling sad. He has a way with words that I don't, and he makes her feel special and noticed. But I don't give her that feeling anymore. She expresses that their relationship has strictly just been talking and having feelings for one another, and that they have NOT had sex. I do believe her when she says they haven't had sex.
She swears that they did not plan to both breakup with their spouses on the same day, it was a coincidence that it happened that way. She said that I had done something to her the evening prior that made her decide then that she was going to leave me (I was upset that she stayed out until after midnight without texting me or letting me know she was okay. She had also deleted me off of Life360 that night, and I was upset when she got home).
I ask her if they plan on being together after our divorce is final. She says that they have talked about it, but she wants to wait a few months after our divorce before she gets in a relationship. She needs time alone to fix herself. I ask her again if they've had sex. She says no, but they have talked about having sex in the future.
So now I have the truth of what has been going on. It all hurts so bad. My precious wife of all these years... devoted to another man.
We talk more about what I had done to hurt her over the years and how it contributed to this divorce as well. We come to an agreement that we are both responsible for what's going on. I have hurt her feelings to many times, and she has betrayed our marriage.
It's both our faults.
She says she will arrange the divorce with an attorney and be in touch.
I feel a little at piece with everything, but cannot understand why I'm not mad. My wife betrayed me, pursued another man in secret, has talked about a future with this man, and has talked about having sex with him in the future.
Yet I am not angry.
A little more information I forgot to mention earlier- this man is 10 years older then her, has been married 15 years, and has three kids.
My wife has fallen for this man because of the way he talks to her and charms her. I have seen his picture. He is overweight, ugly, and greasy looking. I am not claiming to be a super model, but I am in decent shape and a really clean guy.
I just can't wrap my head around this.
This guy's wife had also told me that my wife is the third woman that he has done this with. He will find a younger girl, take off with her for a few months, then come back to his wife. She says that she always takes him back for the sake of their children.
I consider that this man is taking advantage of my wife. When we had last talked and settled everything, I had mentioned that possibility. I told her that she is not the first woman he has done this with, asked her to please consider that he may be taking advantage of her.
I also forgot to mention that we do not have any children.
If you have made it this far, thank you!
 
My questions for the Reddit community:
This is only day 4 after I found out about her and this man. There is a chance that feelings can change. If my wife realizes she is making a big mistake, do I take her back?
Can I ever trust her again?
Should I be fighting for her to stay with me? I have not done that at all yet. I told myself that if she is willing to throw away a 10 year relationship after only seriously talking to this guy for 3 weeks, then she isn't worth staying with. But I still love her. I had mentioned that if there was ever a possibility of us staying together, then she cannot work there anymore and be around him.
So far I have still been talking to my wife a little bit, kind of like friends would. Should I keep doing this? or only talk to her regarding our divorce arrangements?
She still insist that she would be divorcing me anyway because of the alleged mental/verbal abuse. I told her I would have been willing to do any therapy or counseling she wanted in order to fix that, but its out the door now because of her and this man.
If we go through with this divorce, and a month later she comes begging for me to take her back, do I?
Should I speak with a therapist?
This has not only hurt us, but our families. I am really close with my wife's parents, and they are disgusted with her. But they don't want to push her away because they love her.
My wife never once asked where I went to stay when she kicked me out, how I am doing, or if I am okay. Does she not care about me at all now?

A month ago I broke up with my boyfriend of 4 years, it was a very unhealthy relationship and it ended over something that was seemingly small but was actually the accumulation of all the unhealthy things that were happening in our relationship dynamic.
I'm not saying he was the only one in the wrong, I was too but the relationship just wasn't healthy. We even tried therapy after I gave him the ultimatum but both me and our therapist felt that he was only attending it because of the ultimatum, not because he genuinely thought something is wrong.
The cherry on the top is the fact that I moved to a different country for med school and he also projected his insecurities as blatant accusations on me.
After the break up I started opening more to talking to others and that last week I met someone who turned my life in a direction I never expected. I feel so happy and so calm with him, I have never experienced something like this before. This happiness is different.
But recently I am being spammed by all my ex's family and friends about how the four years of relationship was everything to him and he isn't doing well since the break up. I felt like I'm being guilt tripped so I ignored everything they were saying but now I feel like I'm moving on too quick? I've never been this happy in a relationship and this man makes me forget the world, makes me so immensely happy but I just feel like I'm doing something wrong.
I discussed it with my boyfriend too and he said that I'm just letting their words get to me. And that I was mentally out of the relationship before physically so it's not exactly very quick. Infact I'm the one who took too long in hopes to restore a broken relationship.
I don't know what to think at this point. I'm so frustrated
Tl:dr I got out of a unhealthy relationship and found someone new, fell in love again, all within the same month. And I feel guilty that I maybe moved on too quick. I don't know what to feel rn. My boyfriend says I'm overthinking things.

I have a friend that I'm close to that transforms into the most rude dude ever whenever I hang out with other male friends. He will make mean jokes, answer rudely whenever we text and the vibe is just generally off. I've noticed a pattern that this always happens when I go out and party with a male friend, or when I'm going on a date (this surprises me because he often asks who I'm on going on a date with and then the vibe feels off between us for some reason), or whenever I talk about guys I'm attracted to. Its like whatever I'm saying involving other men makes him so freaking rude.
And honestly its making me SICK. I cherish and appreciate all of my friends and would never treat someone like this. It hurts me so much that he would treat me like this when we are close friends, confide in each other and talk almost daily. I wouldn't want to end the friendship but a friend shouldnt make me feel like shit. So should I end it?
Tldr: Friend (M25) is being mean/rude in the way he communicates whenever I (F23) hang out with other male friends and its making me sick to my core. Should I end the friendship?

I live in a third world country and a war zone right now so living here is pretty much unbearable.
I applied to a scholarship to Canada and I'm one of the finals right now so there's a high chance I'll be getting it. Well for starters, my mom would be against me leaving the country alone and I extremely love her and it's hard for me to say no to her, but a new good life would be awaiting for me in Canada. I'm my mother's only source of happiness so this is what makes it even harder for me. I feel quite guilty for having a life of my own
I'm preparing for the interview right now but I'm torn apart and don't know what I should do.
Any advice would be much appreciated
TL;DR: I feel guilty about going to build a life abroad. Too attached to my mom

Throwaway account, as fiance knows my main.
I have been with my fiance, let's call him M, for three years and we are supposed to be getting married in May. He's a genuinely good person and we really don't fight at all outside of roughly every 6-8 months and only about this particular subject.
I'm genuinely not sure if I am maybe not taking this whole thing seriously enough, but in my view he is overreacting BIG TIME.
Every now and again M decides he doesn't like a particular male on my social media. First it was someone who I served in the military with who sent me a silly lewd gif on Valentine's Day. I removed this person from my friends list as we weren't close, I felt the GIF was inappropriate, and I value my relationship over him anyway. Then some months later he decided a very good friend of mine who I have known for almost 20 years was behaving inappropriately (in this case it consisted of heart or hug emojis on posts or comments.). This person and I have never had a romantic interest. He lives across the country and has a partner he is very committed to, and our relationship has never been anything but platonic. I literally ended an almost 20 year friendship because I figured my relationship with M was more important and I wanted to keep the peace. It should be noted that M has never met or interacted with either of these people in any way.
Most recently it has been a guy that helps out with a small charity group I run. M has never met this person, never interacted with him, yet has decided he doesn't like him. He can't give me any kind of real reason why, he "just doesn't". The guy in question is happily married and we do not have any untoward interactions. Our entire friendship is strictly platonic and is really solely based around a common interest in the particular type of charity I run. Let's call him "B".
My fiance's issues with B first started when I was in the hospital with kidney stones and had posted on Facebook about being in the hospital. B commented on the post wishing me well with a hug emoji (or something equivalent, it was a while ago and I don't remember the exact wording). As soon as I saw it my anxiety kicked in (because I knew M would freak out after having dealt with this type of thing already) and I immediately deleted it, but the damage had already been done. M had seen the comment and when I was released from the hospital to go home he was incredibly cold to me, furious about not only the comment but the fact that I had deleted it. I admit I probably shouldn't have, but I was in a sort of damned if you do and damned if you don't situation and knew there was a pretty good chance the topic of the comment was in some way going to wind up in a fight. Having literally just gotten out of the hospital after being in excruciating pain for a full 24 hours I wanted nothing to do with an argument and only wanted to go home and rest. This turned into a full on blow out fight about how he believed B had a thing for me and how his comment was inappropriate, and how dare I delete the comment... what was I up to? That sort of thing.
I will note at this time that for the past two or so years I have been asking M to take down the pictures of his ex he has all over his FB Profile. Unlike the people he "targets", I HAVE had negative interactions with her, and I have very good reasons for not liking her. These are not just pics he's tagged in. These are clearly "couples" pictures. I have told him that it makes me uncomfortable to have his whole profile plastered with pics of her and that it's highly inappropriate, especially given we are to be married.
Well last night we fought about it again. I was playing a video game and trying to multitask talking in a group chat with folks who help me run the charity. I was looking for a particular type of item and we were discussing the pros and cons of crafting it myself vs buying it. B said he actually knew of a store that sold the materials (which I wasn't aware of) and we were discussing cost. At some point in the convo I double tapped something he said, which automatically hearted it, having to do with prices. Nothing about the convo was in any way sexual or romantic, and I didn't think anything of it as the game I was playing was timed and I figured that was the fastest way to respond. M came upstairs from playing games with his friends, and saw the convo, open, on my phone in front of me which led to a complete meltdown last night. He once again started going on about he doesn't like B (still no reason why), even after I reminded him I was the one that emoji'd what B said and not the other way around. Long story short, I told him that until he got rid of all the pics of him and his dirtbag ex that were public all over his FB profile that he had no business trying to police emojis in my conversations, on my posts, or in any comments. I then explained for the millionth time that there was no reason for him to be jealous and behaving like this, and that he was completely overreacting because emojis literally are NOT worth getting this bent out of shape over. A heart or hug emoji doesn't mean a guy has a thing for me or I for him outside of VERY specific context, none of which have ever been the case. I will also note that he has never been upset over a heart or a hug from a female, only men.
At this point I'm at a loss. I do not like feeling like I have to walk on eggshells or hide things. I do not like feeling as though I have to constantly police the platonic relationships I have with people and my interactions with them on all my social media platforms just in case a rogue heart emoji flies out into the ether, unchecked. I'm not a jealous person and I can' t really wrap my brain around how something so insignificant to me can cause him to flip out like this, nor can I figure out why he decides to target people to just dislike without any real reason. We have both been cheated on before, however in my opinion having pics all over your profile of you and your ex all huggy and kissy face that you refuse to delete is a way bigger red flag and far more inappropriate than a platonic hug or heart emoji. He finally took the pics down last night, but only AFTER the fight when I told him to make sure his house was clean before coming for me over something so stupid. (He actually also mentioned this subreddit and told me you all would side with him, so here I am. I guess we'll see.)
I guess my question is, am I underreacting, or is he overreacting? I don't think this is something to end the relationship over, but I do want to know if I'm the one fucking up here. TIA.

tl;dr: My fiance seems to think every time any male uses an emoji on a comment or picture of mine other than a thumbs up it means has a thing for me, and it's driving me crazy.

Yesterday night I was with my girlfriend at her family’s house, we were having pizza and talking. I still can't fully figure out what happened, but her parents commented on her. I can't fully remember what it was but I remember it came out sounding more of a bad joke. After that, she completely shut down. I tried to talk to her but she wasn't answering so I backed off to try and give her space to calm down. She has a history of having moments like this, and she's always wanted me to be there but give her space to calm down. Long story short it ended in her saying I'm ignoring her and being distant. We tried to talk but it turned into something bigger after I tried to go home to calm down she blocked me from leaving. But finally, she backed down and I left. Everything felt wrong on my way back home I felt like I was being used as an emotional punching bag. When I got home I texted her that I don't think we were going to work. I went back to her house to break up with her in person and I still feel awful. She promised if I gave her another chance things would be different and she would work on herself. Looking back today I want that I feel like I need her. We broke up for a few days in September over something similar, but we got back together and it's been a decline since. I was and still am afraid staying with her would have been worse for both of us. I woke up this morning and I feel like an idiot and an asshole we have our issues but she's always been there for me. Even though my episodes and overdoses I know she loved me and I love her and I feel like I need her and I screwed up. I feel like she didn't deserve this. I feel like it's too late now I tried to text her and I got the read receipt but no response I don't know anymore. Should I have done this was this right I don't know I just need some advice.
TL;DR I broke up with my girlfriend of 3 years, and I feel like I messed up.

Hi everyone,
I've been with my boyfriend [28M] for just over 2 years. It has been a wonderful relationship so far. We live together, are on the same page about everything when it comes to the flat, what we eat, where we hang out, travelling etc.
We rarely argue and have a great physical connection, and I'm very much attracted to him as he is to me. I can talk to him without feeling judged and he accepts me for who I am.
I'm quite an anxious person, and I was anxious during the beginning of our relationship when we were navigating where "we" were going. I was always the one to ask him how he felt things were going, and he wouldn't tell me quite important things about he felt until I actually asked.
A few months into our relationship, I asked how he felt everything was going, and he said that everything was great, and that he loved me, but wasn't sure if he was "in love". I wasn't necessarily taken aback as we did start slowly, but I was also a bit disheartened that he didn't tell me his feelings before. I questioned when he might have if I just didn't ask him.
Over time, we got really close and we were seeing each other almost everyday before we decided to live together (it was him who suggested we should). I felt at complete ease when he asked, and I was eager to do so.
When we lived together, I stressed to him that if he ever feels that anything is off, or wants to talk about something, then he can always feel free to talk to me. He said he'd tell me if anything was on his mind.
A couple of months ago, I knew his feelings towards me had grown because I felt it, but I wanted to ask him if his thoughts on being in love with me had changed. He said they had, and that he felt he didn't just love me, but he was in love with me. Again, I'm not sure when the feelings grew and why he didn't tell me they had. I guess I just feel like I need to be told explicitly how he feels, rather than asking for updates all the time.
Lately, I've been thinking about the future i.e. marriage, kids, etc. I feel sure in myself that he is the one for me that I can do these things with. We've spoken about marriage and kids but only in a general sense, not in an "us" sense. I asked him a couple of days ago whether he sees me in his future, because I really see him in mine, and he said he does. I asked him about marriage and kids and he said he does want those things one day, and he is happy with me "right now". When I asked for more detail, he said he wasn't sure whether in 20 years we'd be together, and how it's possible to plan something like that.
Over the next few days, I tried to talk to him some more about what this means. He said he's never really planned his life out too far into the future, and he's never been absolutely sure about anything. I can sympathise, because I'm still unsettled about what city I want to live in, what my dream career is etc - but I know I want him by my side throughout whatever those changes are.
In the midst of everything I've been thinking much more deeply about our relationship and our emotional differences. He's very much a feelings bottler, doesn't dwell and doesn't talk. I am the opposite. He tends to leave me alone when I'm emotional because he thinks that's what's right, when really all I want to do is talk about it. I fear that because I am this way, I'm going to be constantly pressuring him to talk about his feelings and thoughts (and mine) and scaring him because of it.
Throughout these conversations, he told me he felt like a pathetic person and that he's just "dragging me along". We cried so much. I was heartbroken at the thought of him feeling so pathetic, and we talked about why he felt that way, and it was extremely emotional for him to confront this. He said I have a good heart, and he's not sure he can offer emotional support to me in the way I want it. I braced myself to tell him that if he doesn't think this is going to work, then I don't want to hold him back. This made us even more upset, as you can imagine.
A day or two later, he said that the thought of us not being together is just too much to bare, and he can't imagine the future without me in it. But now all I am thinking about is how he's going to keep his emotions in for the rest of our lives, and I will always have to be the one to pry them out of him.
Reddit, I am just so lost. I don't know what is actually happening anymore, and where to go going forward - do I let him go? Or do we work this out?
Thank you so much for any advice.
Tl;dr: boyfriend keeps his emotions/thoughts/feelings in, whereas I am the opposite and want to talk about everything, he tells me he is happy with me "right now", sees me in his future but also feels he can't plan too far ahead and doesn't know what he wants.

Hello, I never envisioned myself posting this on a public forum but seeing other peoples thoughts and experiences I thought maybe other people could relate or post their own experiences if the situation resonates. Let me give a bit of background…. Me and my wife have been together since we was young teenagers in high school and have currently been together for 14 year’s, we have always been monogamous and the relationship has been amazing… not always perfect we have had our fair share of issues but who hasn’t.
Around 5-6 years ago I came out as bi-curious to my wife and at first she didn’t understand and was completely shocked, after lengthy conversation she came to understand that it wasn’t any reflection on her and that I didn’t want to break up I just wanted to be honest. When I was maybe 16 to 20 I had very occasionally maybe once every 2 years or so explored myself with anal play using various items you would find around the house (it’s increased since then and my wife has been supportive of me buying toys) but I wouldn’t have described myself at that point as bi-curious… maybe just curious?
Fast forward to a year or so before I told my wife I was bi-curious… my wife told me she is asexual which was obviously tough for us both as it was a strain, we talked about it and worked through it but left me sexually frustrated selfishly however I kind of related to those feelings of internal struggle she must have albeit a different situation. I do want to say I don’t believe a relationship is all about sex… it’s not, my wife since that point has always been supportive, she is my best friend and will always be my priority. During our many chats since then of course the question of do I want to engage in intercourse with a man and the answer is yes but I don’t look at men and find them attractive I would say only from the neck down in some cases and in some cases just the penis (sure, I can look at a man a realise he’s good looking but very very rarely would I use the word attractive). That might sound stupid but for me it’s more of a sexual attraction and can’t think/find a better way to explain how I feel so always said bi-curious. As previously stated my wife has always been supportive and has said she would allow me to experiment which is great and I want to but it also feels wrong and deceitful even though I have her blessing. I would add I have also asked if she would be interested in a threesome with a bisexual male but it’s not something she’s interested in and I respect that. I’ll be honest I don’t know what I hope to achieve from posting this but if it helps someone else in some respect then that’s great.
Apologies, this isn’t very well written and also apologies if anyone takes offence or I have posted in the wrong group neither of those are my intentions.
Thank you for reading.
TL;DR: What’s your experience of a similar relationships if this resonates?

Was debating about myself whether to post this but this just happened, I am alone and need to at least vent sort of. I (26F) have been in an on and off non-official relationship with Cheese(M26) for 7 years. We met through me joining his band and despite being with other people we always had this insane chemistry and he essentially became like a work husband to me. We would send each other like 12 kisses after every text, jokingly say I love you etc. Nothing physical happened until after I was out of the band but looking back now, you could probably call it an emotional affair as neither of us were particularly happy in our relationships (we both got cheated on and dumped, my ex was also physically abusive). After his break up though he seemed to change as he had been with his for 5 years. So 6 months or something after his break up, and 4 months after mine, I spoke to a now former best friend who who was also Cheese's best friend and was in the band with us about how I like Cheese and wanted to ask him out. He said it was a great idea and encouraged it based on Cheese and I's interactions etc. Based on that, I called Cheese and asked him out. He responded with how he had always liked me, wished I wasn't joining the band the first time we met etc. and we arranged what I thought was a date.
It was a perfect night and I actually lost my virginity to him. The next time we talked we were arranging seeing each other again and I said something about dating or whatever, and Cheese responded shocked, saying it was just a hook up and got angry at me. We had a couple of phone calls arguing with each other until Cheese blocked my number, however he kept me on FB so he didn't cut contact completely. I found out I was pregnant, and being a teenager with an unstable living situation I was terrified. I tried to talk to Cheese but they weren't responding to my messages, and I didn't want to tell him over text. I told my and Cheese's best friend at the time and he told me to get an abortion and take it to my grave and being a dumb teenager I did the first part. Cheese had eventually started talking to me again. I ended up going for a drink with a guy from a band we have played with a couple of weeks later and Cheese got jealous, accusing me of bedding the entire band, something he's done with most guys I talk to or anyone I've dated, bad talking them for no reason and what not. He also told me he would date me if I got my life together i.e. got a flat, went back to uni etc. We ended up talking like normal like we would when I was in the band and would meet up for coffee occasionally with Cheese sometimes trying to convince me to get in a friends with benefits situation with him or when I had a boyfriend saying he could be my side piece, as well as trying to convince me to leave my boyfriend. It ended up becoming an issue with any relationship I was in because they'd always say I had feelings for or was in love with Cheese, and at first I was in denial about it but eventually realised it was true over the next couple of years.
So because I realised that and it was unfair to my ex we broke up (& stayed friends). Cheese reached out again and this was the first time I said that I am not comfortable physically being with them if we are not dating. Cheese responded that they were not looking for a relationship right now but we can discuss it in the future and we started hanging out again. After stuff happened once, again was a perfect night. Then after not hearing from Cheese for a few days I was worried, then I got a message out the blue from them saying it was my last chance to sleep with them for a while because they started seeing someone. This tore me a part but I tried to suck it up, then eventually I put my foot down and no chance that was happening, asking why they said they weren't ready for a relationship and why did they agree to my boundary, but turns out they had been on tinder, matched, went on one date and apparently was in love. Looking back the date must have been a day or two after they had been with me. We had an awful argument, with Cheese saying horrible things to me and this was terrible of me to do, but I told them how I was pregnant before and got an abortion. They calmed down and said they had to think of things, then eventually sent me a long message tearing me apart - about how they wish I sort my life out, but I am a total wreck of a person who is never stable, can't play bass etc. and blocked me. I was a wreck, kept having breakdowns, unsucessfully tried to end my own life, self harmed, just in general hated myself. I couldnt cope with him hating me. Due to the small country we live in too I had to see him and the girl at gigs and after about 5-6 months I eventually started to get over him, though that self-hatred very much has stayed with me. I ended up focusing on my physical and emotional health, got myself a stable living situation, fixed my relationship with my family, started therapy etc When I saw Cheese at gigs I kept catching them staring at me, if I was at a gig myself and they were there themselves they would move closer to me etc. Our mutual friends kept checking in on me because they assumed me and him were together from the way we act around each other in public or just assumed we hadn't put it on social media as he doesn't post often.
Due to totally unrelated reasons about a year and a half after I got that message, I had to change facebook profiles. After a month, I got a message from Cheese saying how they hated how things ended between us and how they were sorry for what they said to me. I was genuinely in shock and really unsure whether to reply or not. I thought about it after a few drinks, and replied back. Cheese was then super friendly, asking me about my life, things he hadn't done since we were in the band together and I was so happy. He revealed that he lived close to me and asked to hang out but first wanted to talk on the phone first. First we spoke about the pregnancy and I said how our ex mutual friend had said to not tell him, and how he still has my number blocked from the first time, he stopped going to gigs, and he wasn't replying to messages, and that I know I was wrong not to tell him and what not. He said that he was upset because he could have been there to support me, but that's water under the bridge. The next thing we discussed was feelings. This time I made it very clear that I would not sleep with him if we weren't official, that I do not do friends with benefits etc and he agreed. We ended up hanging out about twice a week, sometimes 3 times. He revealed he had broke up with that girl a month before, they had moved in together and one day he came home and she told him to get out, and that he had been depressed but wasn't as bad now and what not and that had nothing to do with him contacting me, that he really missed me. He did make moves on me and what not and all my previous feelings came flooding back. Everything was great for about 4 months, but then after a while he was getting distant if we weren't in person and started speaking about moving country and said I was one of two people he would miss. I started to get really bad anxiety and was constantly questioning if we were a thing since he promised to respect my boundaries and what not and eventually I was getting to a point where I started just randomly crying/very depressed all the time and I texted him asking if we could talk.
About 5 minutes later I had about 5 missed calls and messages saying to answer him etc. Because he got angry before, I thought about what I wanted to say and wrote down a list to try and not make him angry. I asked him why he keeps coming back to me, why he acts the way he does with me and he kept saying he doesn't know. I asked him if we were a thing then based on our previous conversation before hanging out and he started comparing me to his flatmate who had a silly crush on him, and I said but it's very much not like that, and he just kept being condescending dismissing it to the point where I asked him if he got his flatmate pregnant too to which he started screaming at me about how he doesn't care about me, how if I really loved him I would be fine with sleeping with other girls and I was just crying the whole time. I deactivated my fb for a couple of days and was really upset in the meantime. When I reactivated I saw he deleted me. I don't know why it kind of sparked something in me, but I decided to fully cut him off for the first time. I wrote him a long message about how he knew my feelings, my boundaries and what not, how he acts like my boyfriend, doesn't want me to date other guys and gets jealous if I even talk to them, and stuff like having to correct himself from calling what we have a relationship etc. how we've spoke about who would take whose surname, number of kids we want, met each others parents, how everyone else we know assumes we are dating etc. and how I wish him well but what he said was disgusting, that I am not his backup girlfriend and I was done waiting on him to make up his mind.
Well about a year later I got dragged to see his band gig because my friend was going. I got completely drunk out of nervousness and eventually my friend (who didnt know the whole story beyond "hes my ex kinda") told me to speak to Cheese since he kept looking over. I did and Cheese was surprised but said he was glad I spoke to him. We caught up outside and he invited me to his next gig. Like every time it was like we had only hung out the day before, like nothing changes. I went to his gig and felt something was off, like he was ignoring me sort of, then outside after his set he walked straight by me to another girl, pretended I didn't exist. After about ten mins she left and he said I was to wait for him. We a lengthy talk and he explained he was seeing that girl but he didn't know I would speak to him again and what not. I asked him straight out if he knew how i felt for him and he said that I love him, and I asked how he feels for me, and he said he has feelings for me. I asked him if we ever have a future and he says he doesn't know but hes not saying no, just that life is chaotic for him. About two days later he mailed me saying he broke up with that girl. He had moved back to his hometown during the time we didn't speak so I didnt hang out with him but we spoke in voicemails every day before eventually I paid a lot of money to go up to see him. Again, perfect night. After he stopped replying every day but he was going through stuff trying to move back. Then Valentines day happened. I wished him a Happy Vday and well, he got angry with me. He said you dont wish single people a happy valentines, and that he doesnt know why I am wishing him one. I told him that I get the hint and that he didnt have to be so rude, to which he responded that he didnt mean it that way, that its a sad day for him however he doesnt appreciate me taking it as a hint or anything, I said sorry for taking that way and conversation moved on. I got a job offer that I turned down because, well being honest, I didn't want to move away from him, and when I told him, not only did he encourage me to move, he revealed he had moved back to our city when he said he would let me know when he moves back when I left his hometown.
So today I decided to just ask him if he wants to hang out soon since he is back, and he sent me a voicemail saying if I know he doesnt want to date anyone right now and just that I wished him a happy valentines day. So I said how I thought things were going to be different like we discussed at his gig, and he said that he is not looking for a relationship, how he wants us to both be free to see other people etc. I said is there not a chance for a future for us then, because from what youre saying it doesnt sound like it. He then said he respects me, loves my company, likes my personality like its not just physical things he is attracted to me about, and that of course he has feelings for me but wants to protect our friendship, but due to our complicated history he thinks that if we did date his heart wouldnt be in it so the short answer is no, then asked to hangout tomorrow. I thanked him for giving me a straight answer, said yes to hanging out and what not and he said he really commends me for being mature about it and what not, then arranged details and stopped talking.
Now I am in this weird weird state of feeling like a weight is lifted off my shoulders, and just this sort of emptiness. I can't stop crying. I feel like I have lost a massive part of me and I don't know why. I just don't know what to do. I feel like I have wasted a chunk of my life mostly waiting on someone who didn't care? Like of course I thought about this happening, but I don't know why its messed me up so much that he stopped gaslighting me or one time he blamed my Autism and said that he does have feelings for me, he kept referring to our past as a friendship, and a relationship as well as referring to us as breaking up and what not, and just listing off how many ways he values me but then says he doesn't want to be in relationship with me. I am so confused about what to do now and just how to process everything. I just feel completely broken, struggling to breath and just completely numb if that makes sense? I am terrified because this is the first time I have felt like this.
TLDR: I finally got told by a guy who has led me on for 7 years that he wont date me despite reciprocating my feelings and I have no idea what to do next. I just feel so empty.

TLDR: My boyfriend and I moved in together a couple years ago but I'm thinking about leaving because he relies on me too heavily and I want to grow, even though he's wonderful and our lives are totally intertwined. I'm conflicted about this!
My boyfriend and I have been together for almost four years. After being together for a little over a year, we moved in together in a big new city. It just made sense. In the beginning we were both very dependent on each other. In this new city I got a new and challenging job that excites me. I made new friends that I hang out with that are doing things that excite me. However, it's been over two years and my boyfriend still hasn't made a friend in our city that he regularly reaches out to. I used to invite him to everything I did with my friends, but started to want my own time with them too. He's unhappy with his (office) job and looking for something different, but during this time he has grown really attached to me. I've become interwoven with his family and his childhood friends, and they love me and I love them. However, I've started to get the feeling that I want to end the relationship. I think his attachment to me is unhealthy, and I've been feeling tied down. When I meet people, he can sometimes shut them down or won't let them speak to me. He talks for me a lot of times and doesn't give me a lot of privacy. I've started going out on my own more so I can just have my own conversations with people without him taking over my stories. I really love him, he is a great person who has never done anything to hurt me, we have built a wonderful house with each other, and our sex is still great! He wants us to buy a house together, but thinks it isn't a big deal. I've been trying to help him get a new job and find more friends so he has more of a community besides just me. I want him to be happy, with or without me. This has been tearing me up. I feel young and like I still want to figure things out. What should I do?
In November of last year, I went through a a breakup with my abusive ex and I needed the close support of my friends, so I crashed on their couch. While only three people live in the apartment, two of them have girlfriend's who are regularly there and live half and half between that apartment and their own. During the time that I stayed at their place we found that we all really lived well together, even with me living out of their living room and it only being a three bedroom apartment. So we discussed it and figured that it would be super fun and economic for us all to move into a house together once their lease was up in September. This included me, the three in that apartment, as well as the two girlfriends. I was really excited about this as I've had a pretty awful experience with roommates and I find most of my money being eaten up by paying rent.
Fast forward to this month, and I could tell that something was off. One of my friends kept being really quiet and changing the subject whenever I brought up our plans to move in together. So recently, I asked them why they were acting this way. They told me that they themselves along with our mutual friend and their girlfriend, we're all no longer in on the plan and had decided to move in together with someone else. This really upset me. And not only that, but when I asked the other two people I was supposed to move in with what their plans were, they also bailed. Now I am left completely alone with no plans, while they're all in a state of security. I feel like my well being was never something they considered and it hurts that they made this decision without ever checking to see if I'd be fine without them.
I've talked to them about it, and all they do is deflect and say things like "We're really sorry, we should have told you sooner, but at least you know well enough in advance to figure something out."
They all get to move in with people the care about and get along with, and I have been left behind by the people closest to me. I just wish they would acknowledge that coming to a conclusion without knowing I was going to be okay, was a really shitty thing to do. But not one of them has taken responsibility for it.
I don't know how to engage with them, and I still feel pretty upset.
TL;DR: I had plans to move in with my closest friends and they all decided to move in with other people separately, leaving me with no one and no plans. And they won't recognize the fact that they were being inconsiderate.

We have been together for around 8 1/2 years now, living together for around 4 years. We work relatively well together. Our communication isn't bad with each other and we like doing stuff together. Everything just seems stale now. It feels as if the relationship has turned into roommates who have sex every blue moon. I don't know if this is normal or not. It has become normal for us to kind of come home from work or doing something and part ways. He'll play video games and I'll do the same while hanging out with the cats in a separate part of the apartment (we have a studio apartment). We don't have sex very often anymore. This year I think we've had sex maybe 3 or 4 times. We have discussed this problem in the past, that we aren't very intimate. This has been an issue for a bit now maybe 2 or 3 years ongoing where we just don't have that much sex anymore. It is mostly directed towards me. I don't initiate sex at all, it's always him who does. I have the feeling as if I'm doing him a favor when I agree to have sex. I'm just not interested in having sex with him anymore. It's not like we don't try new things to try and spice it up, but I just feel like it is something I need to do to keep him happy. This being said, I do not feel sexually attracted to him anymore, for around as long as this issue has been going on (2-3 years). I see him now as a companion. He has explained to me in the past during one of those discussions about lack of intimacy, that sex/intimacy is important to him. He doesn't want our relationship to be passionless and I agree. We don't want to have that "were together because of the kids" relationship. I have tried breaking up with him in the past when I started feeling this way (around 2-3 years ago) but we ended up not splitting up. I deeply care for him and hurts me to want to leave him. I just don't want to be in a relationship that I don't feel sexually attracted to him. I also don't want to keep stringing the relationship along because of comfort. I'm not sure if this is giving enough information about the situation or not, but I am not sure if it's the right decision to stay with him since we've invested so much in each other or break it off because I feel no passion or attraction to him anymore.
So I work with this guy and we vibed really well, he's one of the people in the company who are of my age, people are way older than us, so it was easy to connect with him. He used to find ways to talk, was very flirty and I started to show my interest too. Recently while in a conversation it came up that he's in a relationship, I don't know how serious but it is a long term one, on the other hand he tells that he's attracted to me. It's very confusing. I don't want to be the bad guy here and cause problems for this other girl who might not know what her boyfriend is doing. But it's hard to ignore him when he's always around and we work together.
I'm turning 20 tomorrow and she is 23. She's good friends with my childhood best friend and she hangs out with his family all the time. She is very beautiful and kind of a shy girl. I admit, I kind of do have self esteem issues just because of the way people treated me my whole life before I lost all the weight and got slim.

My friend's mom and my mom always joke around us 2 dating when she comes over and we mostly laugh about it. Then they both try to tell me I should ask her for her number or for her contact information so I can start talking to her, but I obviously don't have the guys for that.

She does sit and talk with me, but she hasn't brought up liking me or anything. My friends mother swears that this girl is into me, but I just haven't had her flirt with me or anything yet so I am not really sure that she is right. I am just scared of making things awkward if I do ask her out and she ends up not liking me because I see her a lot now.

The thing is, she is very beautiful from a rich family, and I am not ugly, but I am also not good looking and I kind of came from the bottom and had to work my way up to where I am now. She is very well taken care of, cares for herself a lot (if that makes sense) and I on the other hand have a lot of scars and am more "rough bodied" because I started working physical jobs since I was a kid.

I don't know if she would be off put by that, but I know women like guys who take self care seriously (i try, but scars are scars and I won't ever have a perfect body just necause of work). I don't really know what I should do in this situation. Like if I should try and just stay as friends or maybe make an effort to talk with her? And how I should do it?

TlDr- my friends mother and my mother are trying to set me up with my friends friend, but she is out of my league and I am pretty shy especially because they always talk about us dating each other.
It feels like all of these things are almost completely alien to me. I'm 28M, and have had one long-term relationship back when I was about 20 (which I don't really count). After that, nothing except for a small handful of ONS over the years. Meanwhile, it seems like all my friends of a similar age are either in relationships, or at least going on dates and/or having casual sex regularly. On paper, I'm just a normal, reasonably ok-looking guy, so I'm really struggling to understand why these things aren't a part of my life, when it seems to be so normal for everyone else. To make matters worse, I'm now at the age where I'm getting a horrible sense that time is running out for finding a partner.
My boyfriend (25M) of two years (I am 23F) let me use his computer and I saw texts with his single friends (who he goes out with (bars, clubs, etc) very frequently. My boyfriend sent texts saying a city he was in had "hot girls everywhere" and that one time when he was hanging out in a group with an instagram model, his friend asked if she was "fuckable" and my boyfriend said "hell yes". I understand that men can find other women attractive whether in a relationship or not, but these messages feel very disrespectful to me and our relationship. My boyfriend treats me well, but this just feels wrong and makes me scared of him hanging out with these friends, knowing that they objectify women this way, that they are constantly talking about hooking up with women, and that my boyfriend is their 'wingman' when they go out together. You can try to say this is just 'guys being guys', but that shouldn't be an excuse for gross behavior. I just don't know what to do, about whether to confront him about these texts and also how to deal with him hanging out with his desperate, single friends.

TL;DR: Boyfriend told his single friends about lots of 'hot women' and that a girl was 'fuckable'. Is it okay of him to feed into gross 'guy talk' with his friends or disrespectful to me and almost another form of cheating, looking at girls in a lustful way? How to deal with him hanging with desparate, single friends?
Bit of a long one here.

Had been chatting with a girl from an app for a few months. Lived in different country. Had plans to visit one another. Eventually she came to visit me here in Germany and made it coincide with her friends visiting my city.

So we go on a date one night and her friends meet us after back at my house alongside a friend of mine and some others.

All is going smoothly, one of my friends friends who I’ve never met is chatting to her single friend, all V flirty. Comes to time when people are going to leave, and the girl I am with basically goes out for a cigarette with this dude who was flirting with her friend. They chat for about 30 mins. After she decides to stay in my room, while the random guy asks if he can stay in my spare room to crash. This is all fine to me as we are all a bit drunk.

Eventually some time passes and this guy comes into my room and says thanks for the bed but he’d rather wake up in his own. Totally normal. Out of the blue the girl in my bed climbs out and begins to ask him for his details and exchange Snapchat with the guy before he leaves. Internally im very confused by this and explain that I found the behaviour strange and it wasn’t something I could be bothered with, basically just kicking her out when he left.

The following days she explained she didn’t realise it was a boundary of mine and apologised stating she had no interest in him and he was flirting with a friend anyway. My gut was suspicious and that’s what drove my decision.

In the time since she has returned to her own country and wants to see me again. I’m torn in thinking we owed each other nothing and I’m overreacting, but also on the other hand we had a great night prior to this and had built up a good long distance bond but her behaviour seemed to disrespect all this.

My heart likes her and the fun we have and wants to proceed. But my head is very very cautious and tempted to save the hurt if this is the sort of behaviour that flies. Also concerned about the lack of respect that will only further grow from a start like this.

Does anyone have thoughts or similar experiences to this?
And a few close friends. It was his first real relationship and they were together for about 3 years and have been broken up a couple of years. He moved states but neither of them really seemed move on from each other. We've been together nearly a year and when we got together I let him know I wasn't really comfortable with how they interacted with each other and he'd have to ask her to back off a bit. It didn't really last and he blocked her on Facebook about 6 months ago after I saw a message saying she missed him but noticed the other night she was unblocked. There's also been a couple of times her number was unblocked. Christmas his grandmother reposted a photo of My boyfriend, his ex, her and my boyfriends now grandfather from christmas 2017.

His mother has not had anything nice to say about his ex to me but on Facebook you'd think they'd never broke up and she was just part of the family.

It's making it really hard for me to try to get closer to his friends and family and fueling a lot of insecurities about whether he's genuinely over her and honest about whether he's actually cut ties.

He's kind of dismissive about how I feel being the next relationship after "the one" he thought he'd be spending the rest of his life with broke up with him.

Not really sure how to go about if.