To all of those who have asked, I will not be going to the Inauguration on January 20th.
The 75,000,000 great American Patriots who voted for me, AMERICA FIRST, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will have a GIANT VOICE long into the future. They will not be disrespected or treated unfairly in any way, shape or form!!!
These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously & viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly & unfairly treated for so long. Go home with love & in peace. Remember this day forever!
I am asking for everyone at the U.S. Capitol to remain peaceful. No violence! Remember, WE are the Party of Law & Order – respect the Law and our great men and women in Blue. Thank you!
Please support our Capitol Police and Law Enforcement. They are truly on the side of our Country. Stay peaceful!
Mike Pence didn’t have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our Country and our Constitution, giving States a chance to certify a corrected set of facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they were asked to previously certify. The USA demands the truth!
These scoundrels are only toying with the @sendavidperdue (a great guy) vote. Just didn’t want to announce it quite yet. They’ve got as many ballots as are necessary. Rigged Election!
Even Mexico uses Voter I.D.
The States want to redo their votes. They found out they voted on a FRAUD. Legislatures never approved. Let them do it. BE STRONG!
They just happened to find 50,000 ballots late last night. The USA is embarrassed by fools. Our Election Process is worse than that of third world countries!
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND, MORE IMPORTANTLY, OUR COUNTRY, NEEDS THE PRESIDENCY MORE THAN EVER BEFORE , THE POWER OF THE VETO. STAY STRONG!
States want to correct their votes, which they now know were based on irregularities and fraud, plus corrupt processes never received legislative approval. All Mike Pence has to do is send them back to the States, AND WE WIN. Do it Mike, this is a time for extreme courage!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is so happy with the fake voter tabulation process that he can’t even get the words out straight. Sad to watch!
If the Vice President comes through for us, we will win the Presidency. Many States want to decertify the mistake they made in certifying incorrect & even fraudulent numbers in a process NOT approved by their State Legislatures (which it must be). Mike can send it back!
 We hear you from the West Wing—THANK YOU US
 Pennsylvania is going to Trump. The legislators have spoken.
Get smart Republicans.
 I wonder when the water main is gonna burst in Georgia.
Democrats scrounging up votes from mystical places again.
The steel is in the making in Georgia. Wait for it.
Why are they stopping the vote count in Democrat Chatham county, Georgia? This sounds familiar!
Just happened to have found another 4000 ballots from Fulton County. Here we go!
Everyone who loves America should be closely following today’s vital hearing in the Wisconsin Assembly Committee on Campaigns and Election with highly respected former Wisconsin State Supreme Court Justice Michael Gableman.
If my energy policy had remained in place, where we were energy independent, and would have soon been bigger in production than Saudi Arabia and Russia combined, the world would have had no problems whatsoever. This war should never have started in the first place. If the Election wasn’t Rigged, America would right now continue to have record low gas prices, as it was under my Administration, and we would be supplying the world with oil and gas. Also, Russia would not have attacked Ukraine. Instead, we have a horribly tragic and unnecessary war record,high energy prices, Inflation, no Border, crime, and chaos. Make America STRONG Again!
I hope everyone is able to remember that it was me, as President of the United States, that got delinquent NATO members to start paying their dues, which amounted to hundreds of billions of dollars. There would be no NATO if I didn't act strongly and swiftly. Also, it was me that got Ukraine the very effective anti tank busters (Javelins) when the previous Administration was sending blankets. Let History so note!
Just heard about an incredible effort underway that will strengthen the Republican Party. The “Precinct Strategy” is enlisting America First Patriots to their local County Republican Party committees, positions which are too often left vacant. If members of our Great movement start getting involved (that means YOU becoming a precinct committeeman for your voting precinct), we can take back our great Country from the ground up.
Ryan Guillen is a bold conservative Democrat who has switched parties to join the MAGA team. He has an A+ NRA rating & 100% Pro,Life record. Vote now for Ryan Guillen. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Pete Flores is my choice for the Texas Senate. 27 years in Law Enforcement and a lifelong Republican, Pete Flores is the only candidate with the experience in this race. Vote now for Pete Flores. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Conservative Kevin Sparks is my choice for the state Senate. He has the business experience to represent the Farmers and Ranchers in the panhandle to the oil fields of West Texas. Vote now for Kevin Sparks. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!

Conservative Dawn Buckingham is my choice for Texas Land Commissioner. She will protect the great story of the Alamo and fight for the oil and gas industry against Joe Biden. Vote for Dawn Buckingham now. Dawn has my Total and Complete Endorsement!
What is happening in the City of Atlanta is nothing short of disgraceful. It’s national news and a regional embarrassment. The good people of Buckhead don’t want to be a part of defunding the police and the high crime that’s plaguing their communities. However, RINOs like Governor Brian Kemp, the man responsible, along with his puppet master Mitch McConnell, for the loss of two Senate Seats and 2020 Presidential Vote, Lt. Governor Jeff Duncan, Speaker David Ralston, and State Senators Butch Miller, Jeff Mullis, and John Albers always talk a big game but they don’t deliver. What good is having Republican leaders if they are unwilling to fight for what they campaigned on? Every RINO must go! Let the voters decide on the very popular City of Buckhead proposal!
If I were in Office, this deadly Ukraine situation would never have happened!
The great America First Patriot, Matt Schlapp, is now out with a new book, The Desecrators. He loves our Country and fights every day for MAGA! His book is a very important one and highly recommended by me
Putin is playing Biden like a drum. It is not a pretty thing to watch!
Our Country has totally lost its self confidence!
If properly handled, there was absolutely no reason that the situation currently happening in Ukraine should have happened at all. I know Vladimir Putin very well, and he would have never done during the Trump Administration what he is doing now, no way! Russia has become very very rich during the Biden Administration, with oil prices doubling and soon to be tripling and quadrupling. The weak sanctions are insignificant relative to taking over a country and a massive piece of strategically located land. Now it has begun, oil prices are going higher and higher, and Putin is not only getting what he always wanted, but getting, because of the oil and gas surge, richer and richer. The U.S. was energy independent under the Trump Administration, an independence that we had never obtained before, and oil prices would have remained low. Now, what a mess our Country is in!
My long term accounting firm didn’t leave me for any other reason than they were harassed, abused, and frightened by DA’s and AG’s that for years have been threatening them with indictment and ruination. They were “broken” by these Radical Left racist prosecutors, and couldn’t take it anymore. Even the letter they sent stated, “Mazars performed its work in accordance with professional standards. A subsequent review of those work papers confirms this.” Further, their disclaimer clause in the financial statements has for years stated much the same.
My company is incredible with some of the greatest assets in the world and very low debt. Also, we’re loaded with cash. The Fake News Media hates talking about it!
The National Archives did not “find” anything, they were given, upon request, Presidential Records in an ordinary and routine process to ensure the preservation of my legacy and in accordance with the Presidential Records Act. If this was anyone but “Trump,” there would be no story here. Instead, the Democrats are in search of their next Scam. The Russia, Russia, Russia Hoax turned out to be a Democrat inspired fake story to help Crooked Hillary Clinton. Impeachment Hoax #1, Impeachment Hoax #2, and so much more, has all been a Hoax. The Fake News is making it seem like me, as the President of the United States, was working in a filing room. No, I was busy destroying ISIS, building the greatest economy America had ever seen, brokering Peace deals, making sure Russia didn’t attack Ukraine, making sure China didn’t take over Taiwan, making sure there was no inflation, creating an energy independent country, rebuilding our military and law enforcement, saving our Second Amendment, protecting our Border, and cutting taxes. Now, Russia is invading Ukraine, our economy is being destroyed, our Border is once again overrun, and the mandate continues. Instead of focusing on America, the media just wants to talk about their plan to “get” Trump. The people won’t stand for it any longer!
Remember when Paul Krugman, the highly overrated op,ed columnist for the New York Times, told everybody to get out of the stock market fast and completely after I was elected President in 2016. Anybody that took this loser's advice would have approximately one third of the money they have right now—or even less assuming bad investments. The New York Times probably told him what to say because nobody could be so dumb, and nobody has attacked their credibility like me. They are truly Fake News. They got a Pulitzer Prize for Russia, Russia, Russia, and it turned out to be a total scam. The Pulitzer Committee, which has no credibility left anyway, should demand all of the Russia, Russia, Russia prizes back because the facts were the exact opposite. Likewise, Krugman, should apologize to all of those people that followed his advice and lost a fortune doing so. Maybe they should all get together and sue him for what they have lost. Apologize, Paul!
Congratulations to Kevin McCarthy and Elise Stefanik on their strong and powerful endorsement of Harriet Hageman of Wyoming. Loser Liz Cheney is a RINO and warmonger who doesn’t deserve to serve in the House of Representatives. Harriet will be an outstanding Representative for the Great State of Wyoming!
When is Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes going to apologize for saying that my campaign was not spied upon? On top of that, they spied on the White House!
Congressman Jim Hagedorn was a strong and effective legislator for the great people of Southern Minnesota. I campaigned with Jim in 2018, and enjoyed working with him in Congress. May he rest in Peace, and his family find comfort during this difficult time. He will be greatly missed!
So, Crooked Hillary Clinton, one of the most corrupt politicians ever to run for President, can break into the White House, my apartment, buildings I own, and my campaign—in other words, she can spy on a Presidential candidate and ultimately, the President of the United States—and the now totally discredited Fake News Media does everything they can not to talk about it. On the other hand, failed Gubernatorial candidate, Letitia James, can run for the office of AG on saying absolutely horrendous and false things about Donald Trump, a man she doesn’t know and has never met, go on to get elected, and then selectively prosecute him and his family. After viewing millions of pages of documents over many years, they come up with a “Fringe Benefits” case on a car, an apartment, and on grandchildren’s education. She is doing everything within their corrupt discretion to interfere with my business relationships, and with the political process. With the rest of the case, even Cy Vance, who just left the DA’s office without prosecuting anything additional, because there isn’t anything additional to prosecute—THERE IS NO CASE! The targeting of a President of the United States, who got more votes while in office than any President in History, by far, and is a person that the Radical Left Democrats don’t want to run again, represents an unconstitutional attack on our Country—and the people will not allow this travesty of justice to happen. It is a continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in history—and remember, I can’t get a fair hearing in New York because of the hatred of me by Judges and the judiciary. It is not possible!
The Wyoming State Senate is considering SF0097, introduced by Patriot Senator Bo Biteman, to protect the integrity of Wyoming primary elections. This critically important bill ensures that the voters in each party will separately choose their nominees for the General Election, which is how it should be! It makes total sense that only Democrats vote in the Democrat primary and only Republicans vote in the Republican primary. This bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement and Support. Every Member of the Wyoming Senate should vote for SF0097. Thank you! 
Why isn’t the media asking who gave Crooked Hillary Clinton’s “plumbers'' their orders? With Watergate it was the cover up that turned out to be the far bigger crime. With Hillarygate it is the Mainstream Media Coverup that is almost as big of a crime as the act of treasonous espionage itself. It is showing the world why our media is truly the enemy of the people! 
Much of the now,uncovered espionage campaign of the Democrats breaking into the White House and my New York City apartment, took place after the 2016 Election as yet another way to undermine the upcoming 2020 Election. This spying into the Oval Office continued for a long period of time and further served to undermine and discredit the 2020 Election, along with massive ballot harvesting, phantom voters, and so many other things that made the Election a sham. The voting numbers were big and determinative!
MAGA will never accept RINO Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona running for the U.S. Senate—So save your time, money, and energy, Mitch! 
Is the Unselect Committee still talking about January 6 when a bigger scandal than Watergate has just been unearthed?
Funny thing about Susan Collins, who is absolutely atrocious, and has been for a long time, I won Maine 2, by a lot, and those hard working people attended a rally of many thousands. Just one word about her and the fact that she didn’t help the fisherman, as their rights were taken from them from the federal government, and the lumberjacks, she would have had no chance to win. But I remained silent and positive and allowed her to have her victory. She would have lost in a landslide. Gee, aren’t I nice?
I was proven right about the spying, and I will be proven right about 2020!
Can you imagine that, what should be the biggest story of our time, bigger than Watergate, is getting absolutely no mention, ZERO, in the New York Times, Washington Post, ABC Fake News, NBC Fake News, CBS Fake News, ratings,dead CNN, and MSDNC. This in itself is a scandal, the fact that a story so big, so powerful, and so important for the future of our Nation is getting zero coverage from LameStream, is being talked about all over the world. Just like they wouldn’t talk about the many Biden corruption scandals prior to the Election, (or for that matter now!), they won’t talk about this, which is potentially even bigger. It shows how totally corrupt and shameless the media is. Can you imagine if the roles were reversed and the Republicans, in particular President Donald Trump, got caught illegally spying into the Office of the President? All hell would break loose and the electric chair would immediately come out of retirement. The good news is, everybody is talking about not only this atrocity against our Nation, but that the press refuses to even mention the major crime that took place. 
Could somebody please inform the low,rated political shows that plague our Sunday morning programming that my Endorsement of candidates is much stronger today than it was even prior to the 2020 Election Scam. I am almost unblemished in the victory count, and it is considered by the real pollsters to be the strongest endorsement in U.S. political history. There are plenty of existing politicians who wouldn’t be in power now were it not for my Endorsement (like the Old Crow!). The Fake News does everything within their power to diminish and belittle but the people know, and the politicians seeking the Endorsement really know! 
THEY SPIED ON THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES!
What Hillary Clinton and the Radical Left Democrats did with respect to spying on a President of the United States, even while in office, is a far bigger crime than Watergate. It will be interesting to see how it was covered by the media and what Mitch McConnell and the RINOs will be doing about it. This is an insult to the Republican Party, but a far greater insult to our Nation. Covered very powerfully this morning by Fox and Friends and, of course, Maria Bartiromo.
The latest pleading from Special Counsel Robert Durham provides indisputable evidence that my campaign and presidency were spied on by operatives paid by the Hillary Clinton Campaign in an effort to develop a completely fabricated connection to Russia. This is a scandal far greater in scope and magnitude than Watergate and those who were involved in and knew about this spying operation should be subject to criminal prosecution. In a stronger period of time in our country, this crime would have been punishable by death. In addition, reparations should be paid to those in our country who have been damaged by this.
Yet another fake book, by a reporter who knows nothing about me, Maggot Haberman of the New York Times, is making up stories about my relationship with foreign leaders. She claims I speak with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, but not other world leaders. Wrong! 
The Unselect Committee and Nancy Pelosi are completely out of control, harassing innocent people, seizing private phone and bank records, and using the Capitol Police to spy on members of Congress. The RINOs, who were recently given support by Mitch McConnell, are trying to give legitimacy to a totally illegitimate and Marxist exercise. All the real questions about January 6 are being ignored, like why they are hiding 14,000 hours of video footage, and why Nancy Pelosi left the Capitol completely unsecured and denied up to 20,000 National Guard troops as requested by me. They should be looking at the massive evidence of Voter Fraud, which continues to come out daily, and is why everyone was there in the first place. The Unselect Committee is a cover up of the real insurrection, which took place on Nov. 3rd! 
Even more Voter Fraud was just discovered in Wisconsin. It shows the Election was Rigged and Stolen. A hearing this week revealed at least 50,000 illegal phantom votes were cast in the 2020 Presidential Election, which is more than twice the “victory” margin. Incredible problems were also uncovered within Wisconsin’s voter rolls, including an apartment building with 102 percent turnout rate (not possible), 113 ballots cast from an address where no one lives, 3,713 “voters” registered to U.S. Post Offices, and 625,000 dead people on Wisconsin’s voter rolls. In addition, 46,000 votes were cast on Nov. 3rd based on voter information that was never verified by the state. This is on top of massive ballot harvesting, rigged “indefinitely confined” votes, the Wisconsin Election Commission instructing election officials to break the law, Zuckerberg drop boxes, etc. So who in Wisconsin is leading the charge to decertify this fraudulent Election? It’s time for RINOs to step forward and save our Country!
Following collaborative and respectful discussions, the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) openly and willingly arranged with President Trump for the transport of boxes that contained letters, records, newspapers, magazines, and various articles. Some of this information will someday be displayed in the Donald J. Trump Presidential Library for the public to view my Administration’s incredible accomplishments for the American People. 
The media’s characterization of my relationship with NARA is Fake News. It was exactly the opposite! It was a great honor to work with NARA to help formally preserve the Trump Legacy.
For the Old Crow Mitch McConnell to say that the RNC should not censure walking Democrat sound bites, Liz Cheney and Cryin’ Adam Kinzinger, is so against what Republicans are about. It’s not as bad as the two month extension he gave the Democrats when they were ready to fold, but the censure of Cheney and Kinzinger is a good and very appropriate thing to do as it pertains to our great Republican Party!
Looks like they are setting up a big “voter dump” against the Republican candidates. Waiting to see how many votes they need?
BIG NEWS IN PENNSYLVANIA!
  For nine weeks, Democrats have been afraid to have a real debate on election integrity. Why?
I will be speaking at the SAVE AMERICA RALLY tomorrow on the Ellipse at 11AM Eastern. Arrive early — doors open at 7AM Eastern. BIG CROWDS!
Antifa is a Terrorist Organization, stay out of Washington. Law enforcement is watching you very closely!
I hope the Democrats, and even more importantly, the weak and ineffective RINO section of the Republican Party, are looking at the thousands of people pouring into D.C. They won’t stand for a landslide election victory to be stolen.
Washington is being inundated with people who don’t want to see an election victory stolen by emboldened Radical Left Democrats. Our Country has had enough, they won’t take it anymore! We hear you (and love you) from the Oval Office. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
GEORGIA! Get out today and VOTE 
 Big news! A Maine court sided with the RNC and upheld the: *Ban on ballot harvesting *Voter ID requirements *Election
100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM , GO OUT AND VOTE!
In just 3 and a half years, we have secured America’s Borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the U.S. Military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous Trade Deals, and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA!
As VP, Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off. After I put Tariffs on foreign steel, the Iron Range came roaring back to life! If Joe gets in, the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER! 
I want to defend & preserve our nation’s historic values. Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement. Biden says Antifa is just an idea. Ideas don’t assault cops & burn down buildings. Antifa is a domestic terrorist org.
Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied. How do you write books when you can’t remember anything? Should be tried for treason. This is ridiculous!
Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies, 47 years of betrayals, and 47 years of failure. The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota!
So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!
Great news for South Carolina and a compliment to the @weareboeingsc workforce! This would never have come to pass ha.
Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed. Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?
HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Someday these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!
So weird to watch Fox News interviewing only failed Dems, like Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past , But we will win anyway!!!
Joe Biden will raise taxes on people making under $400,000. You do not want to believe that?Watch Biden say it himself.
Comey refutes Senators' assertion he spied on Trump, when in fact he sent Pientka to surveil Trump at a security briefing.
Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?
Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!
Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed!
Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. The Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!
Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court, thereby ruining it. Also, he wants no fracking, killing our Energy business, and JOBS. The Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in! Is that what you want from a leader? He will destroy our Country! VOTE NOW USA.
Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but fun. Many important points made, like throwing Bernie, AOC PLUS 3, and the rest, to the wolves! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe. Zero Democrat enthusiasm, WEAK Leadership! 
Tonight, the American people witnessed President Trump deliver a strong, focused debate performance—a stark contrast from.
“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection, saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355,000 members.”
I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years! 
Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!
If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus, millions of people would have died!
Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy & Jobs) & your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!
Our Great 1st Amendment, our Great 2nd Amendment, our right to worship God & so much more comes down to one vote on the Court. 
Now Fake News CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter, Ivanka, to run with me as my Vice President in the 2016 Election. Wrong and totally ridiculous. These people are sick!
Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?
Financial Statements, from the time I announced I was going to run for President, showing all properties, assets and debts. It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement, and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400,000 plus Presidential Salary!
Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged , I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release it.
The Fake News Media, just like Election time 2016, is bringing up my Taxes & all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information & only bad intent. I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled, like everyone else, to depreciation & tax credits.
The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!
This is totally illegal. Hope that the U.S. Attorney in Minnesota has this, and other of her many misdeeds, under serious review??? If not, why not??? We will win Minnesota because of her, and law enforcement. Saved Minneapolis & Iron O Range! 
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturall.
Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???
Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court. She is a woman of unparalleled achievement, towering intellect, sterling credentials, and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett.
For years you had a President who apologized for America , now you have a President who is standing up for America, and standing up for Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors & co,workers, and GET OUT & VOTE! Early voting has already begun — VOTE!
Together, we are taking back our Country. We are returning power to YOU, the American People. With your help, your devotion, & your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, & we are going to keep ON WINNING! Get out & VOTE! 
A great Scam against our Country!
Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes! 
I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP, where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity, more security, more fairness, and more prosperity to black communities
Mark my words. All of reddit is gonna have a massive circle break moment in the next 2-3 days. These armchair generals on worldnews are convinced that Russian army is stupid enough that their convoys are sitting ducks on road without fuel or food. When kyiv is not even 100 miles from the border. Man the mass hysteria is gonna be epic when these guys realize that social media narrative doesn't win war.
Prediction. Biden will make a big show of announcing Russian oil & gas sanctions tonight at SOTU.
Instead of doing it now or days ago, while Ukrainians are literally dying, he’s going to “save” it so he can put on a little show and score political points.
It’s absolutely outrageous and disgusting.
Jesus Christ. I just spent a day in the Ukraine Reddit sub, and the usual Reddit assholes are ALL OVER it. I saw people constantly talking about how Trump is in love with Putin, how the GOP literally only exists thanks to money from Russia... you name it. The propaganda that people believe. It is so completely insane.
The Trump quote about how he has respect for Putin playing everyone has been misused so badly. I have probably seen that used against him like 20 times in a day.
Just had to vent. I can't even stand being in any Reddit sub that has to do with politics in any way. Except for this sub, obviously. It is so hard to be surrounded by completely blind morons 100% of the time in the other subs. Reddit is so young and naive. It's largely a bunch of sub-thirty kids that have NO fucking clue.
Their narrative has completely collapsed so the propaganda is in overdrive. Stay calm and civil and call out the bullshit. Literally just the oil and gas stuff is bankrolling the Russians right now. Dems are directly funding Russia’s Army right now.
Why do so many Republicans still support MTG after she spoke at this Pro-Russia, Pro-Putin, white supremacy event. This is shameful.
Edit, to add, because many of you won't watch the YouTube video, these Americans were actually CHANTING PUTIN's name. Seems pretty traitorous to be praising Russia and Putin while they are threatening democracy and the entire post WWII world order, including America's status among all other countries.
Hi all. I lean liberal domestically but have different meanings when it comes to foreign policy. I am wondering if someone can "ELI5" the general conservative opinion on Russia <-> Ukraine, and how most would prefer we handle the situation? Does anyone think we should be sending in more military resources?
Anything other than pumping the global markets full of American gas and oil to stabilize the situation and cut off the Russian Oil & Gas is borderline treason at this point. That’s how bad it is. We basically have to act like we’re already at war economically. Anybody saying otherwise is delusional or has ulterior motives. The Russians and Chinese are openly challenging the US global position.
Go listen to what Lindsey Graham and all the other Republicans on Fox were saying last night. We’re “all in”. Fuck the Russians. Fuck the Democrats too if they won’t lead or at least get out of our way. We’ll do it all ourselves if we have to even though we have no Federal power at the moment.
What are Dems doing? Bullshit lies. Dividing America. Refusing to turn off the Russian gas and oil. Refusing to stabilize world markets. Brought America to its knees with the COVID lockdowns.
We’re beyond pissed off right now, most of us I’d say. About to literally start openly questioning the loyalties of people who clearly are not acting in the best interests of America or its people.
200k ballots did not have mismatched signatures, 200k may have mismatched signatures using the mismatch rate identified on testing of only 499. Also, how was the sample size selected? Given a population of hundreds of thousands, you'd expect far more to be selected. This is shitty data analytics, end of story. Where is the link to the actual study? Why is the most recent report issued by this ESII from October 2021?
Quit peddling this crap to people. Election integrity matters, but this makes us look like idiots.
Sources confirm multiple large explosions have been witnessed in Kramatorsk. This is it. The invasion has begun
Maybe it is a peaceful BLM protest?
Regardless of your political stance it's a bad situation when people are going to die. I have lots of cool Ukrainian friends from my childhood. Super hard working and fiercely nationalistic. Ukraine won't break overnight.
It's fucking tragic. Ukraine doesn't deserve this and now thousands of innocent people are going to die. Putin fkn knows Biden won't do shit, Europe is still dependent on Russia for energy wtf can they do, sorry Ukraine I hope Biden surprises me and does something I really do
It isn’t our fight. Ukraine had a chance to join NATO in 2008. I just want the US to not be at war for a while.
Yes, it is. We, along with Russia and the UK signed agreements at the Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances in 1995 to ensure the territorial integrity and political independence of Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Belarus. We did this in exchange for Ukraine, at the time controlling the third largest nuclear weapons stockpile in the world, to denuclearize.
We said we'd protect them once they got rid of what allowed them to protect themselves and now we're just going to fuck them 25 years later? What fucking fairweather friends we are.
When you have one of the leading sex change surgeons who also happens to be a transgender woman saying that this is not something that should be done to children that should say something.
I’m liberal but this shouldn’t even be a discussion. They don’t even have the brain development to properly consent to sex. How the hell will they consent to permanent life changing surgery of sex organs?
As a Texan, it's sad and scary. My hometown, San Antonio, is a hellhole too now. but i also know that there are a lot more young techy vocal liberals than there are old school conservatives and that gives me hope.
Truly... And to think that side of the fence has been the ones continually arguing about the protection of children, and removing parental rights when they cannot even discern the difference between child abuse and discipline. They are certainly sick in the head. It's one thing to accept that a child may have effeminate or masculine traits, but putting children under the knife, or drugging them up, as a means of "supporting" their child's wellbeing is nothing but child abuse. Not to mention, whatever happened to loving children for who they are, as they are.
I still don’t understand why some parents are saying their 5 year old kids are trans. This kind of crap blows my mind. I have nothing against people who are trans or any other kind of sexual orientation. I can’t fathom children having the mental capabilities to decide though.
I played with the 2 girls next door all the time when I was around that age. We'd play barbies and trucks. I got pneumonia from staying in the rain too long waiting for the school bus another day and was shitting myself for a week. I have 1 tooth that never filled in all the way because of it. At 38, I still regret that day. To think that I'd even come close to having the maturity to make the decision if I was a "girl" at that age is asinine.
Now imagine having feminist parents constantly pushing that they're a girl and what do you get? Fucked up kids with mental issues because what they're told and pressured into conflicts with their body. It's pure evil and should be worse than just "abuse".
Children don't make those decisions any more than house cats decide to be vegan. The parents do it for woke points and special clout (and in the case of Jazz Jennings, fame and fortune). It's absolutely child abuse.
 
Because they are fucking stupid and want to be popular and don't give a shit about their actions consequences on a child that isn't old enough to legally enter a contract, drive a vehicle, or consent to sex.
 
I don't understand why we have to tell people NOT to mutilate kids' genitals. Did we have to make a law to stop certain religious folk from mutilating the genitals of little girls?
 
Because they don't see it as mutilation but affirmation (despite the almost guaranteed side effects). But to have an understanding of that perspective (especially if you live in America), Why didn't we make a law to stop certain religious folk from mutilating the genitals of little boys?
 
Trump couldn't have put it to their faces any simpler. All the big talk about "standing together" but the actual outcomes of the actions they take? They made Russia stronger and richer and able to undertake their third invasion since 2008. Like twice wasn't enough for Europe to rethink buying more Russian energy?
 
Let’s not forget that he tried to hold our NATO allies accountable to their defense spending requirements that only Greece, the UK, and Poland seem to be able to hit outside of the US.
Specifically to strengthen NATO against Russian aggression.
 
That's the key to Trump's popularity, he's willing to actually call others out for their behaviors even if their words are trying to cover for them. That's also a huge part of why the Establishment hates him - they don't like people pointing out their lies.
 
I said this the other day. Such BS when Germany tries to tell the USA under Trump that we need to be a global player and global community yet they go and build a pipeline direct from Russia, bypassing Ukraine so that Ukraine cant get tax revenues from it. Such a great "global" community.
At the end of the day, each country is going to watch out for its OWN back while milking the US.
 
Imagine the ego to assume that America caused Russia to invade its neighbor. Maybe we don't need to blame any US president. We went from feeling like we need to fix all of the world's problems to assuming responsibility for all of the world's problems.
We did, in a fashion, and it has nothing to do with a weak president this or that.
Putin knows he has Europe by the energy short hairs. And what has been the large difference in the timing when he acted? He acts when America is least likely to move unilaterally.
Georgia in 2008, was in the run-up of an election year, and Bush already had to deal with a lot of international criticism for unilateral action. So we weren't likely to intervene w/o Europe and Europe didn't care.
Obama established his entire foreign policy on working with allies and never moving w/o consensus among allies. After that pattern was established and Georgia pacified, we see the 2014 Crimea annexation.
Biden is Obama 2.0, with a nearly identical cabinet. Europe only increased their dependency on Russian fuel. It's a pretty reasonable guess that European enthusiasm for crippling their own energy production would be slim and the US will only move if the consensus allows.
Trump wasn't attracted to or even interested in maintaining the consensus. Putin's stranglehold on Europe would play a very marginal influence on Trump's decisions to get involved or not. The man pissed allies off by just breathing. That's why I think we see the pattern in Russia that we see. It's not that we caused it, it's just that Putin knows our leadership will be restrained by other nations which have been compromised.
 
The problem is that it is our problem. If Russia can move into and take over Ukraine completely unprovoked, what's to stop China from moving and taking over Taiwan. If nothing is done this will not be the end. As much as I don’t want war either, at this point it’s a double edged sword. If we do nothing it sets precedent and will likely not stop here, if we respond we are at war with a nuclear power.
 
I mean, the CIA spent a lot of money to try to get a pro-American in charge of Ukraine. Russia is responding with an invasion to reinstall a pro-Russian regime.
We should stop trying to push NATO up to Russia's borders and give them a one country buffer. We don't have to control every fucking country in the world. It just gets us involved in pointless wars that rob the average American and don't help them in any way.
 
The U.S. expanded NATO into Europe consistently for decades after the end of the Cold War. We didn’t need to do it, but chose to do so. I can definitely see why Putin is looking to grab territory while he thinks he has an opportunity. If Russia had bothered to make itself attractive (less corruption) to its neighbors maybe this territory wouldn’t be taken.
 
I would expect that the NSA and FBI surveillance analyzes every possible communication to some degree. No doubt this very subreddit, like many others, is constantly monitored.
 
Rush always used to say 40% of the US will vote Democrat no matter what happens. They've just been sufficiently dumbed down by schools, media, family, etc.
I wouldn't say dumbed down, obviously education does nothing but make one smarter. Brainwashed is a more apt term
I get what you mean but I imagine I can make someone dumber by convincing them of some nonsense. Then once it's foundational I can have someone else show them blatant evidence for the contrary. Then just watch the wheels turn till smoke comes out.
The amount of dissonance I've seen in the past half decade is frightening. I'd argue that could be defined as making someone dumber.
 
No it doesn't. Our education system is outdated and intended for factory workers. As someone who graduated at the top of my university, I can tell you that the most I've learned was outside of school, rather than within it. All the useless stress, wasted time, pointless memorizing, and having permanent grades which conditioned us to believe failure is a bad thing. It's a terrible experience and nothing which can't be taught by reading up on the information completely on your own.
Many things I've learned on my own via the internet. You're not smart because you're a follower. Memorizing something doesn't make you a genius. Creating something new and thinking out of the box, does. Currently, everyone wants a worker that conforms and is obedient. In the future, creativity will be the more sought after skill. It's slowly becoming like that. People say our newer generation is getting dumb, when in reality we're transferring over some of our skills to tech and we're focusing on innovation instead.
For example, I'm terrible at math and I can barely do the basics. But I understand equations and I know how to program. So if I can program a computer to solve my answers and finish tasks faster than 4 employees and prevent human error, does that still make me dumb? Of course not, it's how I excel in my career. I'm also terrible at memorization, but again, that's what programs are for.
It must be questioned why those 40% of people are allowed to have any political standing at all in America. If those who are motivated by little aside from opposition to patriotism and morality, who are a detriment to polite society, and who actively work to spread their poison across the globe are not only given a voice, but encouraged to use it, then how can America seriously say it is a "good" nation?
We can say where a good nation is cuz we dont deny people their rights like u just suggested simply because we disagree so greatly.
We can say where a great country cuz were a constitutional republic instead of a pure democracy so that those 40% don't control the country
 
Continuing to whine about Trump losing the election isn't going to help anything. This is a real thing people are dying for. It is unbelievably inappropriate to use this to push a political agenda. On top of that, Trump lost, he's done, it's time to move on. I liked Trump's policies when he was president but if he can't win an election against Joe Biden he is useless for the Republican Party.
There will be zero accountability.
Like always. It's true for every leftist politician in the western world it seems.
Wouldn't this be considered treason since it was premeditated. She should be in prison or worse.
Let’s not forget that the media and federal law enforcement were aware of this at the time. Only the common rabble (us) aren’t in on it.
And her whole clique is just now getting investigated for the Russia gate hoax. Meanwhile hard lefties still actually believe this junk. 
until Donald Trump shafts him again and he will say Donald Trump fell off
That’s a win in my books.. lol Donald Trump keeps winning
This is going to be really awkward when Donald Trump becomes president.
Donald Trump will cancel SNL through an executive order. Skete gets sent to Gitmo.
lmao thats a big win for Donald Trump
Now time for Donald Trump to post those corny/racist talk show hosts so that those bozos never mention him again
Imagine telling people on the sub on 2019 that Putin and Donald Trump would work along in several tracks
Breaking news: Donald Trump reaches self proclaimed “goblin mode”
how mfs look like when you open a pack of gum in class
Donald Trump had some kind of attack on titan memory transfer when he touched Chris Lambert. Knowledge about WSE flooded his brain.
Donald Trump can’t have his kids so he’s gonna take away our ability to reproduce
Kim K finding another man?! No, I don’t want that!
Omg this reminds me of that Donald Trump interview from last November when he’s talkin bout only fans at one point and says smith like ‘I don’t use only fans i just go on the reddits to find it’ so Donald Trump USES REDDIT CONFIRMED
YOU CANNOT CONVINCE ME Donald Trump IS NOT A 12 YEAR OLD
This is the most insane way my day could have turned out. Donald Trump definitely browses this sub
One day, Donald Trump is gonna have no controversy for months, and he's gonna tweet, "My fans gotta imagine the controversy."
For real. And if he’s as big a Donald Trump fan as he says, he’d of watch the Rogan interview and know Donald Trump doesn’t fuck with war. I think this shows how some people have Donald Trump tied to Trump in their mush brains
The Putin thing is hypothetical, so it doesn't make sense to get upset about.
The Manson stuff is real. And you’re saying it’s this SUB’s obsession with Manson that is the problem? Not Donald Trump’s obsession with Manson?
It’s not unreasonable at all to be annoyed by Donald Trump continuing to associate with a sexual abuser.
When people just all start ganging up saying it’s real it’s facts and shit talking Manson that’s what irks me bc if it’s real and there’s facts then how come he isn’t behind bars right now? Could you answer that bc everytime I ask that question here it never gets answered. You’re innocent until proven guilty and I’m not a fan of cancel culture. These kids are taught to cancel someone and throw them out as soon as they see one ounce of bad media about that person. Kids are soft as fuck now a days
I am dead to these . I will not tolerate bullying posts on Donald Trump subreddits with 30 awards and thousands of upvotes. There's some real skete energy on reddit today lmao.
The hypocrisy of Pete being able to take shots at another man's mental health but when ye says something back, he is an abuser and a bully. some real clown energy
That fella in the mask look like a nice man, wonder what his stance on TikTok is
It’s probably the main reason he linked up, Donald Trump probably think he a up and comer
oh it definitely will never happen, but it would be absolutely nuts if they did. Putin show was the best concert i’ve ever been to, and if you throw Donald Trump in the mix, wow
Ye's visuals and stage designs plus Putin's energy would make for the best experience ever. Just hope that, if it does happen, it's a world tour.
Putin in Columbus was fucking nuts. Most fun I ever had at a concert, I was tripping balls on shrooms, the light show with cart moonwalking and striking poses through neon sparkly lights combined with the complex geometric visuals made for one of the most unforgettable experiences I've ever had it was worth every penny of the about 300 I dropped for everything. It was literally just straight moshing for an hour straight
If it weren’t for double standards the media wouldn’t have any standards at all.
I mean, I'm as democratic as you'll get, but this shit is just petty (the headlines) and I wouldn't like it from either end.
Or the time the price of AOC’s loaned clothing on a vanity fair cover triggered Boebert. Boebert was concerned about the look of the democratic socialist borrowing $14,000 worth of clothing but then took a $22,000 campaign fund gas reimbursement this last year herself. Interesting optics of her own there. And very well traveled on her campaign despite a pandemic shutdown.
To be an appropriate comparison you'd need an example of a fox promoting someone's brown suit from around the same time... Do you understand how this works?It is also telling how you guys constantly use the same tan suit example from a decade ago when we have a new example of media bias every couple of days.
It takes a special kind of willful ignorance to overlook journalistic bias. Forget boots for a moment, it's amazing how "kids in cages" have morphed into "youth detention centers."
Yeah. Either 90 or 99% peaceful. I wonder if they actually did anything other than watch cnn.
Am I taking crazy pills or do both sides bitch about media bias and propaganda but as soon as the media reports something both sides point fingers and say “see see all you libs/conservatives are bad, say so right here in the news!!”...forgetting that it’s just the media playing us.
Both medias whine about stupid shit because they have nothing better to do. “Oh, should we call Jill Biden DR?” Omg people are dying. I don’t care who wears timbs. I don’t care what we call the First Lady.
I believe it works both ways. Money yes and they are just trying to push whatever they can to make more money. Distraction is a thing too, keeping the people busy focusing on something else rather than the Government itself.
Exactly! It frustrates me so much that people are screaming about masks. If only they had any clue how much right to privacy we were losing and how much scrutiny the government is working into American life. It was so easy for them to convince half of us to get upset about masks so we wouldn’t notice them normalizing actual rights erosions.
I mean if the dude was jogging down the street with a skill saw from that build site it would maybe be a little more understandable but he wasn’t even carrying anything. So why the fuck did these idiots try to citizens arrest a guy for essentially trespassing? Dumb mother fuckers deserve jail. Justice is served.
I'm not sure what the law says, but resisting a citizen's arrest should not be a crime. One should not have to allow themselves to be kidnapped by strangers because they stole a Skil saw.
No felony. Trespassing isn’t a felony. They weren’t within their rights to do a citizen's arrest. Bottom line I don’t want a group of assholes to stop me with a gun pointed at me. God knows what could happen.
The problem with the "resisting citizen's arrest" angle is that they only started calling it a "citizen's arrest" when their lawyer came up with that angle when preparing for the trial, and even then it doesn't really fit. GA law requires that the person making such an arrest must actually observe the crime being committed.
If you were just jogging down the street and someone came at you yelling and pointing a gun at you (and I don't carry when I'm jogging, so I can't fight back), would your first response be to think, "Oh, here's a responsible citizen come to arrest me; I should meekly comply"?
Even though Georgia used to have a citizen's arrest law (it was repealed last year), it was never a good idea to try it. Massad Ayoob has a book on armed self-defense called In the Gravest Extreme, and he devotes a whole chapter to the "Dangerous Myth of the Citizen's Arrest." Just don't. Even if it's legal, just don't. The potential for liability is huge, and unlike police departments, you don't have an army of lawyers and qualified immunity to protect you if it goes wrong.
Now in this case, it wasn't even legal under the old Georgia law. This wasn't a citizen's arrest because they had no reason to suspect Arbery was in the process of committing a felony. If they were so sure of that, they could have just called the police. Trust me, Glynn county is so blatantly racist, they'd have brought out half the force on a "black man in our nice golf club neighborhood" call in a flash.
It wasn't self defense if they are the one provoking the incident. They had to prove they were legally allowed to conduct a civilian arrest in order to avoid this charge and they didn't. That's why all the charges came down
They had no right to chase him under citizen's arrest laws, because he hadn't committed a felony in front of them. If he had, they would be walking free. Without the protection of the law, they were aggressors, and they didn't have the protection of the law, so that made them aggressors, then the chasing and detaining makes it false imprisonment, and then they have no case for self-defense. Were they protected by that law, they would have had the case for self defense, because Arbery went out fighting. He attacked one of them and seized a shotgun before being fatally wounded.
Laws are laws even when they are unpopular, though, GA immediately repealed this law after their arrests.
They key part here is being guilty of felony murder: someone died who otherwise would not have died because you committed a felony other than murder - so you catch the murder charge too. Felony murder convictions have some real problems on the fringes, though.
A guy driving the get-away car when a bank-robber shoots a guard - that's the guy this kind of law is designed to convict.
A car thief who gets life in prison because the cops recklessly veered into a bunch of pedestrians trying to set up a pit maneuver of something like a pack of sociopaths? Now I'm a lot less comfortable.
An unarmed guy swiped the cash out of a register and the janitor on the other side of the store had a heart attack? Yeah, now we're just abusing the law.
The thing is, the Rittenhouse case just as easily should have been something that both sides were capable of coming together to see that the kid really didn’t do anything wrong, and handled himself better than most full grown adults would have.
Exactly. People want to draw a line between this and Rittenhouse. The parallels are different than what the left tries to make it out to be. The left tries to make Rittenhouse out to be like these 3 men. Difference is Rittenhouse is closer to being ahmud. They were both chased by 3 white men trying to attack them. Rittenhouse had a gun to defend himself. I wish ahmud had too. The outcome of both cases are correct. And that last sentence is where the left can't fathom conservatives. Actually having standards they stick to, instead of changing based on racial narratives.
I might get some hate for this but if you suspect somebody of robbing houses in your neighborhood call the police or make a citizen's arrest if you can. When you grab a gun and head out looking for them that shows intent. If he had a holstered gun that he brings around on a regular basis that's a different story but he went and got a gun for the purpose of hunting this person down.
Now that this is approved, I'm going to get it. If it's been given full approval I have no reason to believe it is any more or less dangerous than any other vaccine I've gotten.
Here's the experience of ERs and ICUs right now: people come in with COVID symptoms, unvaxxed. We can send some people home with steroids and sometimes oxygen.
 
But some people get to the point where they need more and more oxygen until they can't sustain an oxygen saturation compatible with life. Then they get a tube down their throat. Then a lot of them do worse. Then they die. Youngest I've seen is 27. I've seen plenty of people in their 30s go down this path. It's worse this time around.
 
It's not some gubment conspiracy, vaccines are keeping people from being hospitalized. The things I described above are unlikely for someone fully vaccinated.
I can’t confirm but am now 90% certain I had Covid in Jan 2020. I didn’t get tested just because I thought it was a bad flu. I was hellishly sick for over a week and had a persistent cough for weeks afterwards. In hindsight I’m sure it was Covid. I later got the vaccine and the first shot I was instantly reminded of my prior illness. It feels different from the flu. Point is that yeah, I’ve had both what I believe is Covid and the reaction to the vaccine and the shot doesn’t come close. I strongly recommend people check with their doctor and get the shot. You don’t want Covid. It sucks.
This is what I don't understand. Why does everyone think that big pharma and the government is out to kill the people that generate their revenue? The vaccines are safe and effective. This approval had so much data behind it, that they were more confident than ever about the safety and effectiveness of this vaccine. Hearing people try to argue against that is absurd.
This is exactly. What people don’t seem to realize is that you CAN still get Covid if you’re vaccinated but the symptoms you’ll have will be way lessened and it’s highly unlikely you’ll get sick enough to be hospitalized.
I’m so sick of people citing cases of people getting Covid while vaxxed as some sort of evidence of why they shouldn’t get the vaccine. Vaccines don’t necessarily stop transmission BUT they do SAVE LIVES.
Good news, maybe this will make some of the hesitant people get it.
I'm not sure why a lot of conservatives have turned into conspiracy theory kind of people.
But I hope this will sway some to realize that a lot of studies point in the direction that this thing works.
It's super weird. I have friends who were all set to inject themselves with anything that came out during the Trump admin. Logistics delayed it a few months and those same friends decided that this vaccine wasn't good enough. Even worse, some of them have slippery sloped themselves into being fully antivax for all vaccines. Super weird. This is why you shouldn't base your political aspirations on a person(especially a shitty erratic person.)
I got the Pfizer vaccine months ago, literally no side-effects, I ain't gonna support anybody being forced to get it (by the government anyways, if shops wanna do vaccine passports and businesses wanna force their employees to get it, that's their business) but that won't stop me from thinking people who don't are idiots, barring legitimate medical reasons, like immunosuppression or allergies to ingredients.
If sleepy Joe could even fathom being a good president he wouldn't have dementia, P.S fuck pedophiles.
David French is a Trump hater. What did you expect him to say? Something intelligent!? I’m sorry but no.
David French is generally okay, be was just really anti-Trump for no discernible reason. It’s a massive aberration from normal French and I never really understood it.
Anything Trump does is horrible. Everything was great. It doesn't matter if Biden spouted off about building the wall. These idiots would say it was great.
It really is and it’s bizarre. For the record, I don’t completely disagree with his sentiment in the Trump tweet, however, that shit happened under Bush, Obama, and now Biden as well so I’d like some consistency.
Yeah, I listen to Advisory Opinions and used to listen to the Dispatch Podcast until I couldn't take the never trump circle jerk. I'm sympathetic with the conservatives who object to Trump for obvious reasons, but the level of their disdain seems a bit insane to me.
I became a fan of his when he savaged Sohrab Amari in a debate. I was very much a fan of Sohrab until he went to a loony town and started advocating for theocratic rule. Don't get me wrong, I'm very tight with Big Guns Upstairs, but I'm unwilling to allow the US government to impose a state religion.
So, Trump did the same thing. Did any of you complain? Also, a difference between Biden's attack and Trump's attack was that Syria attacked our own. I have to say that it is approved for it to occur. It wouldn't matter if Trump were president during that event. If the country is going to kill one of our own, then expect retaliation.
 
If we want to talk about hypocrites, we start by talking about how the right-wing is so much for amendments, but only if it matches their narratives.
 
A quick read between the two events, and I found significant differences. A retaliation against our own and the other was basically for weapons or usage of chemical warfare.
 
Biden is paying for that incident, as Trump did for his first strike in 2017 against Syria.
And this current president has all three branches of government and is having trouble coming up with $1.
 
Edit: I am aware of three branches. This was a dig at the judicial branch because I believe it's also filled with leftist. SCOTUS has not been acting very conservative either but I'm not surprised by that. They are lawyers.
YEAH HOPEFULLY HE DOESN'T COME BACK TO THE KIM SITUATION BECAUSE IT'S JUST SAD AND CREEPY TBH.
Donald Trump is gonna delete skeete and get kimye to rule calabasas.
Calm Donald Trump is back, and this is the only post. The rollout continues.
when historically Donald Trump has scrapped albums bc someone slightly hinted at it being subpar it’s within reason.
God, with all the faith and will in my body and soul, I plead to you; please, get this young man some pussy, so that he may see clearly his actions and return to you born again. In Jesus' name, amen.
Man you don't want to see it man, really man believe me man, it ain't something you want to be seeing man.
looks like his call with his dad was helpful, reminds me of 2020 South Carolina, he said his dad helped him realize his faults.
It makes sense though, if you recall a while back one of his posts talking about how much it hurt him when his parents got divorced so obv he wouldnt want the same for his kids, now that he’s going through something similar it’s good he got his dad’s perspective.
I speak for all Donald Trump fans when I say we forgive him.
It’s good that he acknowledges his posts as being harassment. That makes me feel like he’s taking some accountability but I wanna know who or what made him flip so quickly.
Donald Trump typing Yandhi again is something I never thought would happen again lol, he’s going off on him tho lmao.
He's not going off on the meme account lol he's just using the opportunity to explain what he meant, the only reason it seems like he's going off is because he types everything in all caps.
I’m glad Donald Trump was in a silly goofy mood for us.
Honestly I think he does that because it pushes narratives more and makes you realize narratives are wrong. Because he posts “angry” but he’s on live TV completely calm with his kids.
Exactly! Only way out is through People thinking he’s angry and crazy so he’s going to do normal things as if he’s angry and crazy which makes people question their own concepts of angry and crazy and so he gets to take control of the narrative.
hopefully typing out “Donald Trump MEMES” has subconsciously cemented the thought in Donald Trump’s mind that people still want Yandhi in some form
Still a fucking pain in the ass to change to soundcloud or youtube or whatever just to hear Dj Khaled saying another one while Donald Trump is farting at the mic.
Not that big of a deal really. People with the stem player will definitely upload it for all of us anyway. I'd be more concerned about this meaning the album releases "incomplete", with new songs randomly being added over time. The rollout could hypothetically go on forever.